INTRODUCTION
Before embarking on youradventure, you must first
determine your own strengths and weaknesses
You have in your possession 2 sword and a back
pack containing Provisions (food and drink) for the
irip. You are a Samurai, always prepared for any
hemic missioi
'Yo see how effective your preparations have been
you must use dice ta determine your initial sKrtt
and STAMINA scores, On pages 16-17 there is an
Adventure Sheet which you may use te record the
details of an adventure. On it you will tind boxes for
recording your SKILL and STAMINA scores
You are advised to either record your scores on ihe
Adoenture Sheet in pencil, or make photocopies of
the page ty use in future adventures
Skill, Stamina and Luck
Roll one dic, Add 6 te this number and enter this
total in the skruL box on the Adkenture Sheet
Roll both dice. Add 12 to the number rolled and
enter this total in the stamina box
'There is alsoa Lec box. Roll one dic, add 6 to this
numberand enter this tetal in the ruck box
i

--- PAGE BREAK ---

For reasons that will be explained below, sxiio
STAMINA and Luck scores change constantly dur-
Ingan adventure. You mist keep an acourate record
of these scores and for this reason you are advised
either lo wrile sinall in the boxes orto keepan eraser
handy: But never mb out your Inifal scores
Although you may be awarded additianal ¢xin1
STAMINA and Luck points, these tolals may never
exceed your iuilial scores
YOUL SKILL score reflects your swordsmanship and
weneral fighting expertise; the higher the better
YOUF STAMINA score reflects vour general constitur
tion, vaurt sill to survive, vour delermination and
overall litness; the higher your s1amicwa score, the
longer you willbe able to survive. Your LUCK svuore
indicates how naturally lucky a persan vou are
Luck - and masic - are: facts of life in the faniasy
kingdom vou are about to explore
he
aa. ah
fan
€- ph
2) RET ae iss Ne c at
i
8
Battles
You will often come across pages in the book which
instruct vou to fight an opponent of some sort
Battles are conducted as tollows
First record vour opponent's skint. and STAMINA
scores im the first vacant Encounter Box on your
Adventure Stvet. The scores for each opponent are
givenin the book each time you have an encounter
The sequence of combat is then
1. Roll both dice once for vour opponent. Add its
SKILE score. [his total is your opponent's Attack
Strength
2. Roll both dice once for yourself. Add the number
rolled te your current SKILL score. Thus total is
your Attack Strenzth
3. [fvour Attack Strenethis higher than that of your
opponent, vou have wounded it. Proceed ta step
4. If your opponent's Attack Strength is higher
than yours, it has wounded vou. Proceed to step
5- If buth Attack Strength totals are the same, you
have avoided each other's blows - start the next
Attack Rounel from step 1 above
4 You have wounded your opponent, so subtract 2
points from its STAMINA score. You may use
yout Luck here to do additional damage (see
below
5- Your opponent has wounded you, so subtract 2
points from your own STAMINA score. Again
VOU Tay use LOCK at this stage (see below
9

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SE --- ae S
6, Make the appropriale adjustments to either your
opponent's or your own STAMINA scores fand
your LickKacore il you used LUcK-see below
7. Begin the next Attack Round by repeating steps
1-43. This sequence continues until the srasitwa
score of either you or your opponent has been
reduced to.zero (death
Fighting More Than One Opponent
Sometimes vou will find yourself under attack roa
niore than one person or creature. When this hap-
pens, cach will make a separate allack on you in
each Attack Raund, but you mustchoose which one
you will fight. Attack your chosen target as im
normal battle. Ayainst the other, you must throw
for your Allack Girength in the normal way, but
even if your Attack Sirength is greater you will not
inflicta wound, Just count this as though yau have
palried an incoming blow, However, f your Attack
Strength is lower, you will have been wounded in
the normal way
Luck
Al various times dunn your advenhire, either in
battles or when you come actuss situations in which
you could either be lucky or unlucky (details of
these are piven on the pages themsclves), you may
call on your LUcK io make the outcome more
favourable. But beware! Using Luck is a risky bust-
ac
ness and if vou are uxlucky, the results could be
The procedure for using your LucKis as follows: roll
two dice. Ifthe number rolled is equal to orless than
your Current LUCK score, vou have been lucky and
the result wall go in vour favour. [f the number
rolled is higher than your current LUCK score, youl
have been unlucky and you will be penalized
This procedure is known as Testing your Luck. Each
time you Tes! your Luce, vou must subtract. point
from your current LUCK score: Thus you will soon
realize that the more you rely on your Luck, tha
more risky this will become
Using Lrck nt Batites
Om certain pares of the book you will be told to Test
your Luck and will he told the consequences of your
being tucky or unlucky. However, in batles, you
always have the option of using your 1.uek either to
inflict a more serious wound onan opponent you
have just wounded, orto minimize the effects ol a
wound your opponent has just inllicled on you
if vou have just wounded yout opportenl, you may
Test your Lick as described above. If you are Lucky
you have inflicted a severe wound and may sublract
an rig 2 points from your opponent's SraMIna
score. However, # you are Unlucky, the wound was
a mere graze and you musi restore 1 paint tu your
apponent's STAMINA (i.e. matead of scoring the
a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

normal 2 points of damage, vou have mow scored
anly 1
If your opponent has just wounded vou, you may
Test your Luck to try 10 minimize the wound. If you
are Lucky, you have managed to avid the full
damape of the blow. Restore 1 point of STAMINA
i.e. instead of doing 2 pots of damage it has done
only 1). [f you are Unlucky, you have taken a more
senous blow. Subtract 1 extra STAMINA point
Remember that vou must subtract 1 point ftom your
Own LUCK score each time you Tes! your Linck
Restoring Skill, Stamina and Luck
Shall
Your skiLL score will not change much during your
adventure. Occasionally, a page may give instruc-
bons to increase or decrease vour $KILL soure
Slane and Provisions
Your sTAMIN A score will change a lot during your
adventure as you fight and undertake arduous
tasks. As you near your yoal, your sTaMINa level
may be dangerously low and battles may be partiar
larly nsky, sa he careful!
Your backpack contains enough Provisions for ten
meals, You may test and eat at any time except
when engaged ina baile. The text will not tell you
when vow can do this: it is up to wou. Eesting a meal
reslores. 4 STAMINA points. When you cata meal
add 4 paints ta your STAMINA score and deduci i
12
pot from vour Provisions. A separate Provisions
Remaining box is provided on the Adremlitre Sheet
for Tecordings details of Provisions. Remember that
you have along way to go, so use your Provisions
veanely!
Luck
Additions to your |. UcK score are awarded through
the adventure when you have been particularly
lucky. Details are siven on the pages of the bouk
Remember that, as with skein and stamina, your
LUCK Score may never exceed its Inilia! value, unless
specially instructed by the text
i
i
el
--
13

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SPECIAL RULES
Asa Samurai, there are certain skills at which you
may be expert. Depending on which skill you
choose, you will be tald m the text when vou can use
il, or else the skill will cllect combai in some way
Choose one stall from the following list. 2
Kiyujutsn (Arckery
this skill allows you-lo start with the Samurai bow
and a setoof twelve arrows, consisting of three
willow-leal arrows (2 STAMINA damage), three
bowel-rakers.(3 StAMINA damage), three ammuour-
piercers (2 STAMINA damage, but required for use
URINst certain opponents! and three huni
bulbs (a stamina damage, but makes a frightening
noise). You must keep a record of the number and
pe of your arrows on your Anzeniure Sheel. When
you are asked if vou wish to Gre an arrow, choose
the arrow you wish to use and cross it off your list
Senictimes you may be lucky enough to regain an
arrow or ind some more. To see whether ornot you
hit a tarect, you will have to colla number on two
dice less than your sKi.i. 'You will be told when to
use at armour-pi eTcerora humming bulb
femutsee tEiect elrecug
This skill enables vou to draw yoursword and sitke
all in one fast motion. This means that vou will
44
always hit your enemy, no matter what his SKILL
rating, tn fhe first round of combat only, doing 3
STAMINA points of damage
Raruniidisu (Heroic tener
This enables you te make fantastic leaps and acroba-
tic jurnps. You will be told when yeu can use this
Nicta-Kerjutsii
This is the stall of fighting with two swords, the
wakizashi (shortsword) and the 'katana (long-
sword}. All Samurai carry both swords, but net all
have this spedal skillatosing them simultancoushy
With this skill, if vou attack an opponent and rall 4
or more, you may make another attack, betore your
enemy has the chance lo ght back. (IF you toll g or
more on your secand thraw you c#nuot have vet
anvthes attack!
Honour Points
As a Samurai ol the Shogun of Machiman, you are
bound by gin (duty) and Honouc. You begin the
adventure with 3 Honour points. Certain actions
will increase Honour, others reduce it. your Hon-
our is ever reduced too, turn to paragraph gg, no
matter what you ate denne at the time. Also, your
Honour will have a bearing on whether or not you
can do cettaim things inthe adventure
15

--- PAGE BREAK ---

AVYENTURE GREET
bsrtr © a STAMINA | hcck
Inatial pp ieiteal | | irate
aki= | Stamine= J lact=
Nores" I WHonour a
----
J}, REMAINING
SPECIAL SKILL
EXCOUNTER BOXES
Sui See fskl=
Stari Slancitne- Staring =
- oS
i i
ii Sii= oq Seis
Beaten oan B Stwania= -@ Slasun=
Li { 5
i= -- Shil= Siui=
QStanime- = f ] Stawrecew hi] Stiminc-
P
q
Sel . p sal= sul=
Stamecna= Sfarmine= } Seaeciria = ba
a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

fhe world of Titan has three main continents -
Allansia, Khakabad and Khul, the Dark Continent
itis on the eastem coast of Kinal that the lana of
TMachiman lies; the sea on one side and mountains
onall the others cot Wachiman off from the rest of
the continent
The capital of Hachiman is Konichi and it: ruler is
Kihici Hasekawa, the Shogun. You are a young
Samurai, the Shogun's champion, and said by many
to be Kensei or "Sword Saint'. You have faithtuliy
followed Bushido, the Way of the Warrior, and area
master of Kenjotsu, the Way af the Sword
One day the Shagun summons you to his presence
and tells you a dreadful tale
*Hachinian isin vrave danger. "iy controlis slipping
- some lords are seeking lo break away and décdare
their estates independent; others have sires dy done
sa, and plot agains! me. Bandits roam the land
treely and barbarian invaders have begun to raid
waerdss our borders, knowing that Hachiman is
weak, All this because the Dai-Kaiana, the greal
sword Singing Death, has been stolen from me."
Singing Death is a wondrous Sword, said to bestow
Breat powers on its keeper, and to be the soul of
Hachiman, 'He who wields Singing Death and un-
48
covers the secret of the sword will rule Hachiman,"
the Shogun continues. 'Manv lords sav | now have
no dght to rule; some seek te take the sword for
themselves, others have already changed their
allegiance to he wha now holds the sword. And no
keeper could be worse: it is [kiru, Master of Sha-
dows. that soulless doy whecnvers in his mountaitt
fasiness, Onikaru, the Pitor Demons. Now that he
has the sword, Rakemono-Sho anc Shikome are
flocking to his banners, and he summons forth
Shura, wemor ghosts, from the pit to aid him Soon
if he uncovers the secret of the sword, he will
over out beaubtul land of cherry blossoms
"You have senki, war spint, and to vouTentrust this
mission. Go, my champion, to Onikaru, slay [kiru
and bring me Singing Death. Tt will not be easy, To
slay Ikiru and to defeat his infernal allies you will
have to uncover the secret of Singing Death. I
canmot tell you the secret, for it is wrilten that he
who freely reveals it wall be damned for ever to the
nether regions, and Singing Death will disappear
from the world of men. You will have tesalve Ehe
puzzle yourself. 1 will pray to the Kami of the
Heavens for your success, and may Hotei gocl of
luck smile on you. Here, take this, the Seal of the
Shogun. Tt wall give you safe passage through these
areas still loyal to me."
Tum fu 2
ip ert pers Ie aia
19

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Ui
Bg i = -
as fa =a
sig pee, Sma ames
Lae'. Se Be | err) r
z oh 9 Peers a oe ea en
USF a Pee a & a de wee tas
on Ree eee =
re "al A ia | ee are
a Th Bi Fes oo
' p 4 be: . < --
'G > ei r ae -& Fad
a3 a eo rr fF ante
ce) : a. z ee
ta A, See ee pt
4 4 me oo a &
a
T-2
rs
You gather your weapons, your katana (longsword
and wakizashi (shortwword), your battle armotur
and Provisions. [he guards salute vowas you leave
the main gate of Kenichi. You follow the road north
through the beautiful countryside surrounding the
capital; soon you come tia forkin the road. Will you
go wesland north, to the Forest of Shadows, Haga-
kuve Bridge and on ty the Shias'u Suuntams (turn
i £0), of east, to the ford, through the Mizokume
Fonsand thence te the mountains [turn to 29}7
2
Well, man-thine, here is the first riddle
In marble halls as white as milk
lined with askin as soft a9 silk
Within a fountain crystal-clear
Agolden apple doth appear
Wa doors are there to this stronghold
Yet thieves break invand steal the gold-'
The Tatsu stares al you in greedy anticipation
When you think you have the answer, lake each
letter of the answer (don't count words such as 'a' ar
eee Oa TE eee te

--- PAGE BREAK ---

3-4
'the'}, convert it Eo its corresponding number an tie
alphabet (i.e. a number from 1 lo 26), add them
towether and turn io that paragraph number
Sa, if the answer was. 'fire' (which it isn't}, you
would turn to 38
Jt) ih hos oe
6+ 9 +184 5 =38
If the paragraph you tum to is the wrong one (il
won't make sense!], iuirn to 26
3
The yellow eyes af the nearest monster show a
gleam of intelligence as you bow im surrender. lt
reaches for your sword, which you decide to give it
since you sill have your shorter wakizasm. The
monster then motions you to cross over the ford
Your katana is the sword with which you ant most
skilful. Subtract 1 from your sKIL1L until you find
another katana, or Singing Death itself. You cross
the ford. Tum to 245
2
You hurtle down the stairs as fast as vou can. You
can hear the guards behind vou, but their footfalls
stop at the top of the stairs. A laugh echoes down
the stairs, as does the voice of another: "We shall
never see that one again. The Mukede wall sce to
that!' Yourunon, knowing you cannot go beck: you
wil] have to face whatever les ahead. At the bottom
of the stairs a dank, rough-cut tunnel mins into
5-7
blackness ahead. 'Test your Luck. TE you ate Lucky
tum foi. if you are Unducky, turn to 38
5
Suspicious of whatever caused the old charcoal-
burner's death, you skirl the perimeter of the vil-
lage, but all looks normal and peaceful. Peasants co
about their business, mostly returning home as
dusk falls. Some of the older villagers are yuthering
outside the headman's house. Will vou ask one af
the peasants for hospitality (turn bo yr), or jou the
elders at the headman's house (turn to 319)7
6
Tr is an easy matter to bury yourself in the hay
without the driver noticing. Soon vou can hear the
vuards questoning him und then the sound of the
ereat oak doors rumbling open. Test your Tuck. Ie
you are Locky, turn ti 14. [f you are Unlucky, turn
Md
Shielding your head with your wakizashi, you give
ground as a storm ot flaming brands sizzle threnayh
the air. Cme catches on the fastenutg of your lac-
quered armour, buming you badly (lase2sraMina
poms). IF you are sill alive, you utter a blood-
curdling cry of rage and lop off the hre-wielder's
head with one clean sweep of your katana. Tou
charge the rest, bul they scatter into the woods. You
beat out the flames thabare threatenin to consuune

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Bee z y sees = SSE
ay . a) == ri a ee
FS. Re fe
pL Eee etsy Weal ta J sid "= ee, | *
' 1 Sy o Sec hie "e8 & 5 : a aise | A
1 x es fot ee Scr Crea
i : Sons « 5 bo EES ea
is \ | Hi. = = ai : i IF nt i
i hye peat pide
ks a I pea iio Grea ate We Fel
F : | Aa ty | pee: "| ba | F fi a
ci Ye Biss ga
ib -: lar 5 - ; | L
Hf] r 6 q at ae i Whe ba q
1 | il: Sg a] partiore. f ees b- i
ihe Supls ui - q HW
- | a crs i eh
nee fone Og EE a aot Sirk Pe - i i" t
iis Seer
fa cs oo =, cee
ieery * ates ese a i eee
i pe Sauces Sree S
poe Reet ben ts PMs ae oe pos 2
Bcetaa ar - tse at = rg ee a ee
wou. You have defended the Shogun's honour and
you may add 1 to your oun Honour score before
continuing an your way. Turn to 195
4
You are slowh; working your way up the mountain-
side when a tingling sensation, like an itch on your
brain, causes vou to pull up short- Youlook up, and
siddenly an imposing figure stands belore you
Dressed m fine robes and armour of silver and yald
il i a tall, muscular man-like being. Its face is
handsome to lock upon, cleanand pure; butitis the
purity of complete evil. lis eyes burn with violet
flame and its whole being radiates power and
malice. [tis a Dai-Oni, or greater demon
'So, mortal, you would seek entry tu the domain at
Thiru, Master of Shadows' it says, its words res-
onant with streneth. To do so, you must defeat me
m the Tourney of the Planes." Then the Dai-Oni
begins to fade, lawshing maniacally, the laughter
echoing like thunder.all around you
Suddeniy vou find yourself in open space. In every
- direction stretch the endless stars, and your mind
Teels a5 you try lo take itallin. Then vour vision fixes
on the daurs, Boosine you back from the edge of
madness. You are surrounded by eight doors, ane
in cach of the walls of an octagonal tum; but the
walls, ceiling and foor are transparent
Then the voice of the Dai-Oni fills your head. 'This
place 1s called the Ulub. Behind each door lies some

--- PAGE BREAK ---

2
powerlul beasi. You must try to win as many of
these ceabites over ti your cause as you can. They
will then aid you in battle. For, when you are ready
you will have to face me and my allies in a struggle
te the death at the Place of Bathe. Tf, somehow, you
should tnumph, then you may enter the Pil of
Demons and there meet your fate at the hands of
Thira..Sb let it begin, and may fortune desert you
and the blight of a thousand sores be visited upon
vou.' The voice fades. It seems you have no choice
but to play the Tourney of the Planes. Each door is
labelled. Which door will you oo through first
"<The Pinnacle of Mtmate Heusht Turn to 30
"The Elder Plains} Tum to 65
The Mountain of Ineffable
Holiness' Tum to 66
The Endless Sands of Aakhon 'Tum to:768
the Siwamps of Primordial Mire® Tum to 98
oe The Etemal] Toawer7 Turn to t10
-a#he Enchanted \ood7 Tum to i2k
The Mace of Battle> Turn 10 238
g
Flailing wildly, you fight your way to the village's
edve and then ran into the darkness. [The Rokure-
Kubi thal remain intact after the savage beating
inflicted om ther decide to let you go. You have
survived the Village of the ndesd. Adda to vour
Luck and tur te 397
10-11
10
You journey on through the lands of Hachiman
Wherever vou pass, people bow with respect, rec-
ognizing either the Shagun's champion or the Sho-
mum's seal. This close to Ronichi the land is as it ever
was, peaceful and happy. After a few days, habi-
tations become more sparse. You are travelling
through the domain of Lord Tsictsin when you
notice 2 plume of smoke on the horizon. As you
draw near, you can see it if a burning village. You
shake yout head sorrowtully at the state Hachiman
is in, when raiders can strike into the heart of one of
the lords' ternitories. A dusty track leads from the
to the village. Will you investigate the village
fom to 34}, or decide your mission ts tou important
and press on {fun to 24)7
it
You tell the elders that you have left same belong-
ings outside the village and that you will return with
them shortly, but they seem unwilling tolet you go
You end up forcing your way past them and walk-
ing behind some houses to ayotd their prying eyes
When out of sight you make for the village's end

--- PAGE BREAK ---

12-14
12
'So,' ihe Tatsu thunders, 'you have managed to get
as far as the Tourney of the Planes, mortal! Weil
done! | have decided to help you in your battle
against the Dai-Oni, for | too wish to see Thiru
Master of Shadows, slain. When you step through
the portal to the Place of Battle, | shall be there to
fight for you.' With that it flies away. You can do
nothing more, sovou step hack through the door
behind you, and fnd yourself back at the Hub
surrounded by stars, Note down that you have won
over the Tatsu to your cause before relurning to $
and choosing another option, Do not chow an
option you have already tried
13
Three of the scaly ereen:-monsters 'attack you at
omce, rushing: the raouad to iry lo sweep you ott tt
with their webbed claws. You must give battle
SKILL STAMINA
FirsL KAPPA & 14
second KAPPA & Tz
Third KAPPA 3 £3
fou reduce one of the Kappa te 4 sTawi a poinis
orless, him to 31
14
The cart is driven into the stable. The diver stomp
away, muttering something aboul a parched thrnat
after along journey, and you quietly chink dowa to
the stable floor. Across the castle courteard is a
14
square stone keep, with pagoda-like roofs and
carved gables, the palace of Lord Tsietsin. But it is
the two palace euards flanking the doors that really
draw vour attention. They are Shikome, vile
humancad beings, but hairy as apes, and with
claws, fanes and horrible snouted faces: They are
dressed im dirty and tattered imitations of Samurai
armour, although their weapons seem in excellent
vunditim. The presence of Shikome can only mean
thal [sietsin is in league with Tkiru, Master of Shia-
dows. Tsietsin will be in the palace, and it seems
eren more important than before te slay tum
Wher it is lalé evening. you dedde to act. If you
have the skill of Kyujutsu, you can try to kill both
the guards as swiftly as possible with two single
bow-shots (barn ts 46)_ It you cannol,ordonat wish
louse this skill, YOU Can walk casually towards them
and then suddenly attack (turn to 64}, walk forward
and say wou have an important message for Lord
Tsietsin (hum t 84), or simply stride forvard as
authorilalively as possible, salute and walk into the
palace as if they were not there (Gum to ade
Hea
y J

--- PAGE BREAK ---

15
15
You head hastily in the opposite direction to that by
which you entered the village. Nobody appeurs to
notice you leave and you begin to breathe easier -
there was something unnatural about the villagers
Suddenly you catch sight of the old charcoal-bumer
who brought you to the village. You thought hum
quite dead, having lett his unbreathing corpse at the
other edge of the village, yet here he is grinning at
vou from behind a wall. You step forward, unable ti
believe your eyes-but then stop as his head sails up
into the might air. It has completely detached itvelf
fomhis body. With a thrill of horror you realize that
this is an undead being, a Rokuro-Kubi, whose
heads detach themselves at night in order to hunt. It
spits black gobbets of poisan which hiss and smoke
as they spatter against your face. You are in agony
Lose 2STAMINA points. You must fight the Rokuro-
Kubi as it flies hraugh the air snapping viciously
ROKURO-KUBI SKILLZ sTammas
If you win, turn 10153
=. @ oko CPi
16-1z
16
There is a sudden crack, as loud as thunder, and a
rusied irom poctcullis slams down behind: you
where you had been an instant ago, There is no
Tell Now it any case, and vou press on. A fetid
odour teaches your nostrils and, up ahead, a milky
luminescence Glows as you draw néar. Turn ta se
a
The journey to the Spider Fens across open lawless
temitory takes three davs, during which you take
the bare mintmum of rest, not wishing tobe caught
outin the open by mounted Samurai in the service
oftkiru, Master of Shadaws- The airseems unnahuir-
ally chill as you enter the creaded Spider Fens, but
you console yourself with the thought that taking
this route will allow you to penetrate deep within
idiru's fomitory befare he knows of your presence
A paved road stretches into the delta, running north
in the neht direction for vou. It mins on a dvke
surrounded by lakes and marshes on either side. At
last the fox comes down and yor can see no further
than a few cracked flagstones ahead. At length you
Hoste toa junction. The paved toad veers north-east
into the fog. A well-trodden path leads north pasta
signpost saving "The Well of Sauls', and another
dyke leads along the edge of a mist-covered lake to
the west If you have a map showing the route toa
seatlet pagoda, lum to 207. Lf not, will you head
herth (tum to 2H5), west (tum to 125) or north-east
tum to 249)7

--- PAGE BREAK ---

18-19
18
You race up the stairs and burst into a small guard-
Toum. Asingle saldier stares at you in surprise. You
dart past him intothe corridors of the palace, but the
alarm has been Taised nowy. Vou lead them a merry
chase, but there ts no escape from Tsietsin's castle
notwith all his men attervou. Atlast wou are cauciit
and, although you fight bravely, vou are over-
whelmed and hacked inte pieces
19
The Taisu seems disappointed. "An egg. Yes, thatis
nyzht, man-thing." Then it bughtens, the look ol
greed coming back into its eves. "But can you suc
ceed apain, sharp- wilted mortal'
When ane-does not know shat itis
Then it is something
Butwhen one knows what itas
Then itis nothing.'
Apain, when you think you have the answer, lake
each letter of the answer, convert it ti tis corres-
ponding number inthe alphabet, add them together
and turn ta that parapraph number. If the para-
praply you turn io is the wrong one, tum to 26
icp ere eee
= wn
20-21
za
The gaoler utters a grunt of annoyance. {est your
Luck. If you are Lucky, tum ty 282. If you arc
Unlucky, turn te 296
The humming-bulb arrow speeds to its mark in the
chest af one of the monsters, but the whining shriek
it makes as it fies through the ait has no cfbect or
them. The other rakes you with a webbed claw, then
body-checks you as you strupele away from the
frothing white water at the edge of the pier of rock
Lose 3 STAMINA points. You are sent slipping and
sliding to the very brink of disaster as it moves in to
alfack 2geimn- You cannot find tour balance, ancd.sa
you decide to commit yourself to the hidden mys-
tery of the frothing white water below the ford
4 the a agp capg tp i =

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ges
i. nM nay iy a4
OMe 0, RS
fe Bs Gee oe Be
2 ree ay a "ee
fiat (e fof ee S| ae
ss Tao pele tes be
= A ot Pe ee "tas 4 ee ) Har wc
4 San 3 a o "Re le 2 fd he . 1. ae
TURE ee Al = iy J ine f- fe ee j Ne a 4
vebe el, Pe ge RS gee bk
ee CT ray. 20 Bests. So aA oa
J Se Tete. A> \ aati ie oe - | an
Alene Sai ae - _ e Lies ple a 5, eee
' 73 hy 4 j et wef it - ae eG beore
i: A Behe | sae a= , 5 eel
i Vatea HakL gall >
ET eae es ES oe ame -- ME i Nhe e io
Bhning r, <2 ear eee 4s ny ; apts oie = Soe
A - ee ae este Ser gs ° a é dite: i i ut Paes =
=P ERS oe > so a iit ihe ae
os i Geae ie a By a fe : re i) Jes is iy oe : at
A, Se es a
'So ees rhe! : ee °
4 fh Bs = \ pao Ne is | BP ie i
i! I 4 or sia CPS = he ts = 8 % Lo | a pment
ee oe we ASS = ils Soom
ieee Ft NR or iannr re
oH ,; Les Ge Se Cae a ee bed
Distt als ee = 24
wee Pe et : es Resa TS ow
22-23
22
Eleanor steps forward and unleashes a crackling
holt of blue energy from her huriels. 1 strikes Caar-
gantus in the face and his niby eves explode like
coloured glass. Gargantus utters a thunderous roar
of pain, before toppling to the pround, inert, merely
2 statue of bronze now
Eleanor tums to youwand seys. 'T have paid my debt
to you now, and must leave. Good luck, warntor.'
She westures and fades away. back to wherever she
The Dai-Oni speaks: "You have done well, mortal
but new I shall kill you.' lt advances, wielding a
massive spiked iron club, a Tetsubo. Ifyou still have
the Ki-Rim as an ally, you may send it ayauinst the
Dai-Oni (turn to 394). Otherwise, you will have to
fight the Dai-Oni alone (tum ty 292
23
Shielding your head with your wakizashi. you give
eroumd as a storm of flaming brands sizzle through
the air. One catches im the fastening of your lac-
quered armour and another dislodwes your helmet
You are burnt badly and almost concussed (lose 5
STAMINA points). I you are sill alive, you give vent
to a blood-curdling cry of rage and lop off the
fire-wielder's head with one clean sweep of your
ce tenure pera wee fey

--- PAGE BREAK ---

24-25
katana. You charge the rest, but they scalter into the
weods; you stop to beal out the flames thal are
threatening io consume you. You have defended
the Shogun's honour and you may add i to your
own Honour score hefore continuing on your way
Turn to1gs5-
24
You walk on, Soon the village fades from view as
you pass through the rolling fields of farmlands
The main road curves past a low hill, and when you
round it, you see a fortified castle some way from
the read. You recognize the flag of Lord Tsictsin, the
local daimye or baron, fluttering above the towered
ramparts. lf you have already met some of Lord
Tsietsin's men, turn to 314. If you have not, tum io
326
=
You sink twenty feet below the chill surface of the
pool beneath the well, weighed down by your lac
quered armour. You might just be able to surface
with your swards if you can struggle out of your
armour in time, but your lunis are already bursting
If your current STAMINA is 12 or Jess, turn to 353; 1%
itis mure than 12, harm th» 373
WS40 ga eh = 255 og a ree
Li See
26-27
26
"Mo, man-thing, that is incorrect,' the Tatsuo says
greedily, its eyes glowing with baleful fire. "And
now I shall devour youl" Tt rears and launches itself
al you, jaws snapping horribly. You must hight it
TATSE SKILL 11 STAMINA 13
Tf you win, fm to 42
27
Somewhere within you, vou find the strength to»
resist the evil blandishments of [kicu's demon
When you do so it abruptly disappears. There is a
hiss af mdtawn breath as Tkicu starts in rape
"You dare to resist me, petty mortal," he croaks
Before you can cum forward to try to grab Singing
Death, Tking rises from his throne and rushes at you
-in fact, he Hoats across the ground. His hands are
talons of black nothingness. You ready yoursele for
combat, but before he reaches you, [kiru spreads his
anms and bolts of black enery leap from his arms to
5 ee
Fo ti seg

--- PAGE BREAK ---

28
engulf you. You are cursed, charred and cnppledall
atance, Lose 21L.UCk points, 45TA MINA points and
2 SKILL puints. It you still live, a sword of black
steel, etched wath glowing red ranes appears in his
hands and he swings al you, his face a mask of
shadow, dark and feabareless. You must fight him
TKIRL SKILLIZ STAMINA TZ
Each hme tkini hits you and you remain alive, Tes!
your Leek. If vou are Lucky, fight on. {fF you are
Unlucky, turn to 19g. If you manage to defeat him
harn lo goo
28
Suddenly there is a shout of To, what's this' 4 foot
in the hay!' and a burst of laughter. The hay is
tipped away and several Samurai cuards are jevel-
ling their spears at you. "So, the Shogun's champion
skalks in the hav hike a common pig-herder! saysa
cruel-looking man ina kimono. 'lami leratsu, Lord
Tsietsin's lieutenant. We welcome ycns to his castle,"
he says wryly. [hen he signals and the guards leap
pen you. You strurele, but there are ing many of
them and soon you have been overpowered
You are unceremoniously thrown into a small cellin
the palace dungean. The gaoler, a large beefr man
ina stained leather jerkin, says jecringly, "You will
be taken before the Shogun Tsietsin on the mor-
row.' He then slams the massive, indn-studded
oaken door atthe cell in your face
You are alone, They have taken your swords, and it
29
is this rather than the crucl wibes and the indignity
of capture that fills you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
Point tor their lozs. There is nothing you can de but
wait for the moming, so you lie down on the
wooden pallet in the cormerand yo bo sleep. Turn to
316
F
on es: = | Biase = ait -
cee £
" ry ey 's
The east toad which meanders across the plain of
the great Hang-Yo river bustles with activity. Here
in the fertile myer valley, swept constantly by the
Shogun's Samurut patrols, many of the people

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Z
ov EMT
Beg. o= Te ph Es pg
sets Seve
a aed Era
ee . rae G. if 3 ae renee a Sse, es
mie) Cees fe a es a AF =
i. ae, ae fn mae aa é { Pad + Z
fares ee
2 A fo ee eee, o - wee ee 2 a
Aer a Cy nt eee 5
be ya ESA ep aa a oe
SO ee
ae. - =. ww me a eo
30
know nothing of the unrest which has brought
turmoil to the borders of Hachiran. The nee-
wagons and the impromptu caravans of tinkers and
Pedlars which pass along the coud plying their
wares from fief ta fef are no different fom those
which rolled alone the Road of the East Wind two
nundred years ago. They, being of lower caste than
Fou, d Samurai and the Siwgun's champion, are
careful that the wheels of their carts do not splash
Four splendid armour, and ali bow as you pass. The
joumey into the uplands is peaceful enough, but as
the last bend of the river, twinkling like a band of
mercury in the late afternoon sun, falls out of sight
so the allitude of the peasants you meet changes
Tum ty 23
30
You open the door marked 'The Pinnacle of Ulti-
mate Height'. The next thing vou know, you are
standing ona thin pinnacle of rock, high inastrange
velluw sky. An -oranve sun bums overhead, Far
below, the ground is a dark red colour. From hori-
20n to horicon tower Ehousands of these pinnacles
but vou are standing on the highest. Behind you, a
door hanes in the air, a gate throuyh the worlds to
the Hub
A speck appears in the sky and grows lurger as it
neats you. Tt tims out ta be a Tatsu,. a wingless

--- PAGE BREAK ---

31
air-riding dragon. It has a massive serpert-like
body, with four taloned legs, and it seems to be
walking on air. If you have encountered the Tateu in
the Forest of Shadows already, turn to 144. If not
him ta 156
3n
The scaly green flesh of the monsters tums a dull
purplish colour where your sword strikes, until
their Jesh locks like toting fruit, but the wounds
don't seem to be affecting them as much as you
would expect. Other ereen figures lumber out of the
water to take the place of thase vou have been
fighting and you will soon be surrounded. You may
not be able to defeat these creatures through
swordsmanship alone. Turn to 41
>
i i Z
5 ; S
RoR Geee. aay ga
32-33
rae EF fe
Vat ee oe
MR: af OSs eel
f eb en CT eee ay et
rein SF = ar eR a
As es =>: ka iene Se Aes
The undead warmor fights in eerie silence. Your last
blow shatters one of its skeletal arms and it executes
another Ieap, which takes it out of range
Suddenly, it turns virtually invisible, until only a
reddish outline cnables you to determine its pos-
ihon. Then it attacks you again. Continue the fsht
but you cannot use Taijutsu again if vou have thal
skull, and subtract 2 from your skill while it is
invisible. Thue first time you hitit, turn ta 68
a3
As you approach the estuary through the mure of the
fens, itbegins to rain. You slog on, but the rainfall is
torrential and vou are soon soaked through and
bespattered with mud from head tu foot. It rains for
two dave, by which time vou decide to turn back
The watertevel rises until you are forced to swim
After several miles you drown, utterly exhausted
i
i

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Re SS Kear ay PATE 7] ees sore EE
ee neue eart eee a Ej jit: Smee ran ia J
= ona oa Pate hh tae i oe PE ee wat Sail cs : P
opm hacubeia ees eae: WC Misa eeiaee ot ece y a
* re * BE Ta
Tie ect a to fa re oe a ee a ro a
ea 2 PRES eet e ee ae je ae
= : AS ee Abe ee ee Ee eae
ar = - 58 a he < Ween + cee hae ei
= = ., Poe Pee ee
ree oS jaar Lo aa Sy a =
ie =. al ee) ar" - ee E, ae rs ea ---
te J earn a ee cera re a =
e _ a ad: 12 Sead ee
he: = yeast ay % hs MS =e
reat 7 o. {eS Soe gl ba fon Soe
os ef et iy ties 1 <> We ect
he Sees by. sae rf
bide Cuma Y rey Oe, rd
ie 3s Se ai
Pie ae Sars Lagi tan | Se
Say = Pt =- tr § ae rg
-. dpa eyo. J =; oe tas ' AN
val a: ire | a -- a ; a nt Soar ao 1 ra
210. Se ae Mae "a RN trae gt
jst) 3! (cq of es al 5 en ee oe ee 'Lae. >
RPA ole ee ot BS
eee F ea tae 1 Gate ae =| ae
peg) 6 SS ei AM as
anes fiers 4 0 fae bm om Leet = a
hee a an |r u ". > fees =p ae eta
Dd ee af 9 Wig - fate Ot ae sete Prleies fee
Ey Eh gic aaa at. as oe
ah. Py Fits on os - hal so Fo 5 *
pages Ravi el qo = oo fee : Sat
Wale ok ae f 3 ogee £
Sagi gest ee a ' a: = --
eT ie oD ae
ee Ee ee ee om =
a ae
34-35
34
You stride dowm the dusty track, but break intoa
mm when screams of pain come to you from the
buming village. You can see horsemen, presumably
bandits, charging in amoung the fleeing villagers. A
grove of frees obscures YOUr view fur acmioment, and
as you roundit, a horseman gallops up the trail from
the village towards you. [tis a Samurai, with a long
spear in one hand, and dressed in the green and
bhie lacquered armour of Tsietsim, the lord of this
arca. Will you run towards him, show tam the
Shogun's seal, and order him to tell you whae 1s
eoing on (tum to 44), or wail for him bo come to you
fam tir §6)2
35
4s three of the ereem monsters rash the mound
hoping to sweep you off it, you launch yourself intu
a great leap that carnes you towards the tréc-lops
Wou hortle above the monsters and land behind
them. They tum and run towards vou. You have
only two choices: to run (turn to 173) or lo place venue
back against a tree and light (turn to 183). However
vou noticed something of interesl as you sailed
above their heads. The flat-topped heads are in fact
basins, cach holding a small pool of water. The
balancing act which they appear te be doing is in
order to keep the water inside their basin heads
= pe Gitomer

--- PAGE BREAK ---

39-37
36
The Phoenix's eyes dull and its flames flicker and go
aut. Tt falls before you, all life expunged. But then
suddenly, it erupts into flame once more, but this
timie it is consumed in the fire until only ashes
remain
Then, incredibly, another Phovnix, smaller this
time, bursts out of the ashes; it pauses in the air to
give a scream of exultation before taking to the skies
and disappearing (to your relief). Amazed at what
you have seen, you stand in thought fora moment
before turning round and leaving through the door
You find yourself back at the Hub. Retum to § and
choose azain, but you cannot choose an ophon you
have tried already
37
Mustering as much authonty as you can in the
unfurhinate circumstances, you order the peasants
'to free you from the trap. One by one the charcoal-
burners approach, wary that you may be tricking
them; when they see your plight they grin un-
pleasantly and discuss what they are going to do
with the trapped Samurai. The most popular idea is
to bury you alive inside one of the charcoal ovens
They strip bark from a nearby tree preparatory to
binding you. Will you tell them of the importance of
your mission (tm to 89), or warn them thal ihey
will be haunted by spirits if they kill the Shogan''s
champion (turn to 1o01)2
38
ee eae, : J -
pe ee See
5 a Ty A BS - = 2 aif v wis ind
ace ey ecg ea See it" A
We
Te a4 | fees Fs ore. oe poe eee
ee et a / Wane
aoe Pe Pe
af es cep. Bs es Toit
on ee he moe
38
There is a sudden crash, as loud as thunder, and
vent ate racked with @ SUTEe ot pain as samethingr
slams into your back, sending vousprawling: Lose 3
stamina points. [If vow still live, a mested: iran
Dortcullis has cashed down behind yuu, scaline otf
any hope of retum. You press on. A fetid odour
Teacnes Your nostrils and, up ahead, a inilky
lumimescence glows as you draw near. Tum to sa

--- PAGE BREAK ---

4
39-42
39
Your lungs have been pierced by the three barbed
tines of the trident. You fall to the Hoor, coughing
blood. Yuu have fallen ito the hands of the Kappa
from which there is no escape. They drag you mea
the gloomy depths of the river, even as you dic
40
The gagler moves on, waking other pnsomers, slid-
ing black bread and stale water through flaps m the
dears. Presently he returns and opens your cell
door. Bul this ime he has three soldiers with him-
Will you pretend to have been wounded and then
suddenly attack them {turn to 370), or pretend tr
have been wounded and when they have taken you
oul of the cell, grab a weapon and try to nin away
turn to 380)7
ql
Lf you have the skill of Karumijutsu and wish to wse
it to leap over the heads of your assailants, turn to
35. Otherwise, you find yoursell forced an ti the
defensive by their powerful attacks. Your sword
flashes through the air as if a magicel barmer af
blades surrounded you, but your foes press in onall
sides. At last, one gets through vour guard, and
Takes you with ils claws. Lose 2 sTaMiIn a points. If
you are still alive, burn to 136
42
The dragon rolls over and dies. Then, incredibly, it
tades out of existence before your very eyes, as if it
43
had never been. Around you the forest loses the
aura of mystery and magic thatseemed to enclose it
You presse on, following the track on the other side
of the clearme. Tum to§2
43
The detertnce normally accorded to one of your
standing in society is sadly missing in the behaviaur
of the first uplanders you meet. They are charcaal-
bumers, sumed grey with the soot of their trade
One of them, younger than the others, recognizes
the standard that fapsin the wind behind yourhack
and scorns you: "Look, friends, it is the rightful
champion of the wrongful king. Where is your
master's sword' Where is your master, without the
sword' asekawa, bless his shaven pate, is no
Shogun. You have no master, vou are ronin.' Ronin
are Samurat who have no Jord and have lost their
status. Ihe peasant is insulling you and the Sho-
gun. The other chatcoal-bumers shout at the
roumgster to be quiet. Will you punish the youth
turn to59), or walk onas if you hadn't noticed (ham
a we > Ae Pe

--- PAGE BREAK ---

44-46
You call cut, in-the name of Kihei Hasekawa, and
ask the Samprai nder what i going on. He canters
towards YOU, saying, 'Bandit raiders! Lam riding
now for the fart of Lard Tstetsin.' Suddenly, ax he
nears you; he levels his spear and spurs his horse
on, catching you completely by surprise, and
gashing your arm. Lose 3 STAMINA poutts. You
must fight the treacherous Samurai
SAMURATHORSEMAN SKILLS STANMINAQ
Tf you win, bum ta 72
45
You manage to keep going towards the edge of the
village and are confronted by the flimsy wall of one
of the small houses, Potting vour head down you
burst through the wall and out through the other
side, gaining time on the heads as.as they sail over
the roof, Only a few heads await you at the village's
edge. You must give battle again
ROKURO-KUBI SKILLS STAMINA
Ti you wih, furn tog
46
Notching a bowel-raker to your bow, you take care-
ful aim and prepare to kill the Shikome guards as
fastas you can. Roll two dice. Ifthe results less than
your SKILL, tum to-236. If itis equal to or greater
than your SKILL, furn bo 246
47-49
The power a! the black ranesword drains your vital
life force: Lose 1 SKILL and 1 LUCK point. Return lo
199 and fight on
48
She stares at you quizzically. What item will you try
fo use
A horn' Turn to 86
A Potion of Waters of Knowledge Turn to 96
A Helmet of Beluddlement} Tum to-114
ff vou have nome of these, turn to140
49
You cast rourself down into the frothing whiteness
of the mver, only to find, to your horror, thal the
monsters have concealed sharpened stakes just be-
low the surface, upon which you have impaled
vourself. Lose 7 stamina points. Tf you are still
alive, you painfully drag yourself olf the stakes
which have punctured your flesh in several places
and are washed up on the farbank. Turn lo 395
i Ey
fae
ae a
sf Y

--- PAGE BREAK ---

yj
50
50
The smell grows stronger. You come cut into a lange
cavern, suffused with a sickh; pale light, but the
source of the light is for the moment indiscemible-
Bones, old clothes and msted weapons are strewn
about. Then you spot it. A huge glowing shape
comes towards you, An enormour gaping maw
lined with teeth, rises up lo devour you. Two eres
massive discs of inscnitable blackness, siare at you
alive with ancient evil, The body, supported by
hundreds of black sauttling lees, is bony and seg-
mented. Iris a dirty white colour and il is this that
gives off the pale glow, Ittsa Mukade, some sori of
gisantic, forty-foot centipede. Tt mpples towards
you, intent on making you its next meal. Ifyou have
the skill of Kyujuteu, and shill have your bow and
amy, you may fire bve arrows before it is upon
you. (fou will not be able ta reclaim the amows if
you win the fight
MURADE SKILL F STAMINA 20
Uf you win, tum to 62
i a
51
meek
tt ay
ears
2 Ete eae
ee
52
You watch az lkiru summons more shadaw beings
to him. Then he waves and they rush to attack yam
each an amorphous mass af blackness, which tries
io eneulf you. You must Leht ten of these creatures
ina row, one by one. Mowever, cach time vou hit
one, Singing Death pulses with light and destroys
it-utterky. Each of the ten Shadaws has SKILL 9
stTaMina 1. Hf you slay all ten, you skirt the pit
and confront Thin, face to empty black face. Tiun
¢
4 2 le ee
-2a rai gals & a
fae We. Weyer

--- PAGE BREAK ---

5
52
The lalsu stiffens in surprise and frustrated rage. "A
nddle, yes. Curse you, mortal' it bellows. For a
jnoment-you think il is going to allack vou, but then
jtsubsides. 'You have won your passage with hon-
our, and you are free to go. Before you do, listen to
my words
'If you should find yourself in the Tourney of the
Planes, and it comes to pass thal you slay the
Dai-Oni, invoke the Jizo of Demons thus: "A Sura is
here, O fizo, Come and execute your purpose."
With that cryptic message, the Tatsu takes to the aur
and is sone. In its place is a jade talisman, shaped
like a dragon. You pick it up and examine it. Ttis a
Talisman of Fortuitous Gircumstance. Add 2 to your
LUCK. You press on through the wood. Tum t 62
ae 5
Lt Og ERs _<
6 Sale eee epee - lr
$e AN fear ee ae #
a b= FY am ee a re So ee 4 *
it
33
2
= eee g a
a fe eo ee eee
w en Z OS eke ie eee
of ee tba
A, te
Standing with your back to the white waters, you
helt your heavy sword. But the treacherous slime
sends vou off balance. Your sword flashes past the
monster's head and it grips you in its powerful
claws. They rake you for 4 staMINa points ot
damage. [f you are still alive, the scaly green man
flings your body mep the frothing white water below
ihe ford as if you were no more than a rag dall-
Unfortumately for vou the monsters have condealed
sharpened stakes just below the surface, upon
which you are now impaled. Lose gmorestAMINA
points. [f vou still live, you painfully drag yourself
off the stakes, which have punchited your armour
in s¢vera! places. and aré washed up on the far
hank: Tum: te 495

--- PAGE BREAK ---

54755
You have finally defeated the Dai-Oni and 1t hes at
your feetin the sand of the Arena, breathing ils last
The ghostly cowd fades away and the Arena is
empty. The Dai-Oni whispers painhully to you, "You
have won, mortal. The laws of the Tourney of the
Manes, set by the gods, bind me like fctiers oi steel
Now | must grant you one request." What wall vou
ask
'Whatis the Sécrel of
Singing Death>' Turn to 206
'Tlaw do Ll slay Lkiru
Master af Shadaws7' Tum ip 238
Telp mein my quest to
slay lkiru- Tum to 150
53
Once more the magician entiapaies your approach
'Almost the last trial" he beams "You have done
well, young Samurai." The priestess starts to Lrem-
ble as you near the gaping jaws and the fins of the
Sea Dragon, which is covered m semied spikes. The
Dragon rears its head as the magician departs oma
mure, and then a gushing torrent of boiling water
swamps you both. The screams of the priestess nng
in your ears as you lose consciousness and the Sea
Dragon swallows you whole
56-57
The Samurai ridér starts at the sight of you. Then he
shouts, Tt is that milksop, the so-called Shogun
Fultei Hasekawa's lackey! Long live the new Sho-
gun, Tsietsin-Samal' He levels his spear and
charges at you. Lord Tsictsin has turned traitor. Tf
Fou anc a master of the bow and wish to fire an
amow, him tos. not, you will have to receive his
The disembodied heads begin to scream and curse
horribly, smashing their skulls into your face and
ams. You struggle on, bul are soo: stapyerng
punch-drunk and unable to defend yourself. The
Rokuomt+-Kubt are stripping the Mesh trom your
bones even as you cullapse. They will dine well
a
ie Soy --s
gE ; i De aca a ark y

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i
58-60
Once again it leaps back to the other end of the
bridpe lt turns fully yisible once more and gives 2
strange ululating ery. To your horror the skeletal
bodies floating in the bloody river stir and come to
life. Six of them begin 19 climb on to the badge. 1
you have the skill of Kyujutsu and wish ic OF to
shoot the undead Samurai, tum to 134. not, tum
ti 242
59
The charcnal-burners number about ten and they
are clustered within a arcle of low smoking mounds
which ate covered by newly cut hari. Grey smoke
rises from the mounds that conceal the wood which
is slowly being turned into charcoal at great heal
Near by lie several stavesrcady tobe burt. Will you
arder them to abase themselves at your feet (tun to
i141), send an arrow winging iis way towards the
youth, if yi have the skill of Kvujnten (tum 10125
draw your swords (turn te 135), or, if you have the
skill af Karumijatsu, leap heroically among them
luen towg shy
60
You draw your sword, shooting, "You must help
me, or take the consequences' Her face blanches
full of fear and Lerror, but then she poinis al youand
abolt of blue enersy fies from her hands to explode
in front of you, an incandescent shect of blue flame
that jolts you painfully. Lose 25TAMINA points. If
you still live, when you lonk again she has gone. IF
41-62
you wish to follow her, tum te go. Otherwise you
can step through the doorand relurn to the Hub. In
thus case, return 698 and choose another ophon, but
nofone you have ried already
61
Halhwar across the ford your feet slide aut fram
beneath rou as you slip on the treacherous slinie
and pitch headlone into the frothing white water
Unrortunately for you the Kappa - for thatis whal
lite Sualy ereem men are called - have placed shar-
pened stakes just below the surface. You are im-
cooled and without the protection of your armour
there is mo haope of ever prising yourself olf the
palstful trap
62
Yer thrast your sword deep into one of its black
eyes and it rears back, utter a shrill bueblinys
shrek. It threshes wildly in its death-throes and you
have to leap back out of the way. Presently it sub-
sides and fells dead..A search of the cavern reveals
an exit at anc cad, and a heaped pile of 'treasure' -
ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ji
63
mostly bones and old useless weapons. However
you do find 15 Gold Pieces, a shiny silver helmet of
ornate workmanship, a bottle of greenish-black
ichor-like liquid and a magnilicently crafted iron
war-fan, used in battles to signal troops, inlaid with
4 pattern of ivory that makes you feel nauscous to
Took at. WLU you
Pick up the war-fan and open it" Turn to 182
Drink some of the liquid" Tum fo 296
Put onthe helmet Turn to 220
Leave them all and go
Ehromagh the exit® Tum to 222
63
You hurl the sword at the throne. It fies like an
arrow towards its target. As it touches the nng of
shadows around the throne, it bursts into hight Ina
flash of bright whiteness they are all bumt out of
existence, The light reveals Tkiru cowering in his
robes on the throne, but at the last moment, the
Master of Shadows dodges aside and the swond
embeds itself in his throne, where it stays, quiver-
ing
Eo 33 ( Se
Tn As eee Sepa 3 wh
64
Singing Death is now out of your hands. The power
illent you is seme. Lose 451 aMin a points, 2 SKILL
pomts and 2 LucK paints. lkiru pets to his feet and
whispers, "Yon foal" Mis voice is tke a rustle of
leaves. Turn to 260
G4
You walk forward: the Shikume; giving olf an odour
like rancid butter, regard you with dull, uninter-
ested eyes. You take them by surprise and leap to
the attack. Within seconds you have slain one, but
the other begins to howl wildly in fear. In moments
the castle is swarming with Samurai and Shikore
You try to escape, but are soon spotted and are
buried under a wave of attackers. They take you
prisoner, making mbes about the Shogun and his
champion as they do so - they plainly know who
rou are
You are unceremoniously throwniinte a small cell in
the palace dungeon. The gaoler, a large beefy man
in a stained leather jerkin, says jeeringly, "You will
be taken before the Shogun Tsietsin on the moar-
row." Then he slams the massive, iron-studded
aeken door of the cell in your face
You are alone. They have taken your swords, andit
is this rather than the cruel gibes and the indignity
of capture that fills you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
point for their loss. There ts nothing you can do batt
wait for the morning, so you lie down on the
wooden palletin the comer and go ta sleep. Tum to
z16

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ae Saree 2 oe : gee me *c gas Se 3 s -
pie yes oe es i eae ea ae : i EE 2
se : tens = /@ Se > 2: Nd FS . aa x
3 = a ie "s = - fx '- F : Fe "if a Ff
et RES " ae fe: ; AF meee, 5 al
bee Wal if Ge ne. aoe _ eas fi Se
a er aie oe, Pe 3 ae, ea
ith 4 ES <a a DP frilly A, f= - to
oy fat gh eas ir Whe: ia ee eee
cate ei (LE Be a ag ee i eu fi
re 24 rea Eee = Te ue
von J grey 4 ss eS 9 fo 3 Net
a Feet ss ch "So Sy , oom
i eee ely vl Vek, oor eis. i Pee
wast tl ee gee i Be
gO! ae cae S fie
% en eee - ae ey Tea
'ae ae - "es Ga an
Pog oh ne i a al eS Fo st
>» asin | Be q i a 4 , "be
i é , ae =. E* i a "ee : cll nes
ites q a DY : se Fa
Peis pa n, Af = pono BE. eee
Soa) oS -- SS a
@5-66
65
Dusk comes and still you have not suceeded in
freeing vour leg from the chafing trap. A prickling
sensalion runs up and dow your back: you are
convinced that the charooal-bumers are watching
and wailing. The night is alive with the custle of
leaves and small animals; then you are jolted-into
vivid awareness by silence. The wind has dropped
but the neises of all the animals have stopped, apart
irom the padding of a heavy bul stealthy beast. You
can hear tt snuftlinys along yensr trail, then a great
roar sends a flock of birds screeching into the night
You gucss if must be a Shako-Gurubi; a forest
panther. You are almost helpless, trapped in the
darkness. Will vou seize your katana and cut off
your own leg below the knee so that youcan at least
limp free and defend verurself (fur bo 179}, ar flail
the sword blindly and hope that it doesn' attack
tum to 139)2
66
You step through the door marked "The Mountain
of Incilable Holiness'. You are standing at the base
of a tall mountain peak - easily climbed, but: the
climb would be long und exhausting. There is no
visible means of leaving this place; you have little
choice but to go up
At last, you heave yourself over the lip on toa
Hattish area at the top of the mountain. You pasp in
Surpnise atthe sightthat preets you, A strange being
of noble stature, radiating an avira of grace and

--- PAGE BREAK ---

- ---- -- eae = aS
eS ee ¢ ee 4
a : si se me i he 4 gee 4 --
fee oe 2 1 gree, © ae *, Se 3 =
oP Pease BA a Bo a
ats eR S y ss ore is ee ee iis
ES | es tei, tot hoe aes we
-_ = ae i iy 1S Ware ee ar. ad
ie way ate * i ay 2 or, 3 = 'a = Be: -
We SO Lhe ey eZ
ee i OE GP
Gee GELLING
hifeed fulfil Age Go ew" SZ
ae My OR gh BLE EO TR yp PEPE
Gf of ge gt Ei TRS UR PHMEL
WViIE cg INOS ALE
JAN, hee ag Fe ae ed off tf 4
pr Bes ieee ie ft a ke "
a se pee ee" | pe
67-68
power, looks down al you, its eyes livin orbs of
flame. It has a horse's body, with a lign-like head
and huge feathered wings. [is a Ki-Rin, aservitoror
the gods, a creature of wisdom, a representative and
warrior of law and goodness
lt books you up and down for a moment. If your
Honour is 5 of more, tum to 340, Ifitis less than 5
turn f:3 52
67
The tident's tines have pierced your armour and
broken two of vour nbs. Loge 4STAMINA points. Ll
you are sdll alive, you decide that discretion is the
better part of valour and leave the vicuity of the
ford. Tum to 335-
68
Fou step through the door marked 'The Elder
Main'. Before you stretches a breathtaking vista. A
grassy plain, studded with low hills and copses
stretches away in all directioms under a bright blue
sky. The aires the freshest and purest you have ever
breathed. Near by a strange. pomitveloaking deer
bounds past. Directly behind you, a door hangs in
the air, the retum route to the Eluh
Then a massive animal appears. lt is a huge sabre-
foathed Geer Tt staves fixedly at: you, and breaks
into-a lope, which soonspeeds up into a full-Ledged
run. What will vow do2 Take outthe Phoenix Ruby
if vou hare it (tum to 2b4), fre an arrow at the tiger
if you have that skill (fam ty 224), bline a horn, if

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i
69-70
you have one (turn to 234), or step back thromgh the
door (rehim te 8 and choose again, but not an
option vou have already tried)7
6g
'The disembodied heads begin t) scream and curse
horably, smashing their skulls into your face and
arms. You strueple on, but are soon staggetme
punch-drunk and unable to defend yoursel!. In ihe
contusion, you have staggered back to the well and
you fall head over heels sixty feet into cold water
below. Turn to 25
7D
You follow her trail into the wood, but moments
Jater it seems to vanish without trace. You wander
aimlessly through the woods, but soon you are
completely Jost, [lis asif the woods shift and change
continuously, You até doomed to wander the En-
chanted Wood for eternity. Perhaps one day you
may stumble across the young woman. Youradven-
ture ends here
een ae
"eS
ene eae
71
ee ES
« . "ly 43
j PE TA > Stee bie -
as = : Sea nee io =F ne... -
7
The first peasant you meet is a middle-aged woman
with her head swathed in a tatty silk scarf. She
seems to be plunged into melancholy, but she takes
Fou to her dwelling, a low wooden building with a
hole im the side uf one of the screens. There is a
slraw-filled mattress for vou to sleep-on and hot
gruel on the stove. Will you mend the woman's
house (turn to 215). or eat the pruel and settle down
i sleep (turn to 203)7
yo
'ly
&
et red a
ye eg his ' wig iM Sl
eee ee eee ie" aad
tea eee
ee
yj ta ip 5
P iar earat

--- PAGE BREAK ---

v2
Sa og ty aie
ee ee
v2
With a powerful sevihing blow you cui deep inte the
tider's ley. [Te gives a shout of pain and topples
from the saddle. Belore he hits the ground, vou
have atruck his head from his shoulders with one
sweep ol your katana
Lord Tsictsinisa traitor, you raliac: aboutten of his
Samural are ranning amak in the village, lootin
and killing the detenceless villagers. Will you leave
the village to its fate, deciding your mission is more
important flurn to 204)7 Or will you cum mio the
village and attack the nearest Samurai (him tow
Or will you run inte the village and shout out that
yon are the Showun's champion and you challenge
anyone lo an honourable duel (turn to 128)7 Gr, if
you have the shall of Kyujuisu;, will vow enter the
village and dodge from house to house, picking off
the raiders as vou so (tim te 1g0)7
73774
73
Cautiously you inch your way across the pier of ruck
whichis only a few inches below the surface af the
fiver. Ehe green slime which covers the rock is
treacherous underfoot. Two scaly green monsters
surge powerfully up from the preen depths and
climb nimbly on to the pier ol cock. They have
vicious webbed claws and seem untroubled by the
slime underfoot. Will you hurtle yourself off the
ford into the frothins; white water (tum lo 49
retreat from the ford and run, hoping to find a safer
place to cross the river (turn to 105), or, if vou have
the stall af Kyajutsu, try to scare Lhent off using a
humming-bulb arrow (turn tu 21}7
¢ >. SE ee
74
You have finally defeated the Dai-Oni and it lies at
your feet in the sand of the Arena, breathing its last
the ghosity crowd fades away and the Arena is
empty. The Da-Oni whispers painfully te vo, "You
have won, mortal. The laws of the Tourney of the
Planes, set by the gods, bind ine like fetters of steel

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ee
aie : a =
= Se S =i oA be ae as en
- ay San ee Sree s role : Pepa | aa
=: . "ys a j 7 Ee As pe pore a i=
Sea ee ; ¥ Ba fs vest ees Poe Pe em ae
trate" : Stk loge at kee et ee
Shade es eal = Peab oe Arad "a ee Peed
a Keer cata ae aril = pee ta af) LF ete of
= "3 or : fee eee fe rae car oil -
ae Re, Boas Bee iy 1a ee park by ees 4 =
eee ck 7 Pee HIeG td
Se ce Rae oo Fs yeas alps eP
SS fe er glee Fj
See Nn : rf oe esi Toe = ofl ef =
rt an iy = ng erga o ie wes ge
Re ee a
gp) ang La eee cor
sae 2 ae ec i a
' Give Ohaees x xk 1 ORE
ibe. We ag 4 i ' a
pea. ey a hij fl e
isvengta ee pos Pg oh £ ki
ats Os es &: o i. i
Rae Eee: ae i rad s
ESL Sepa oe
ON Set en Mae = = ae
NWautos Sa sits
serine ial Edges tena Ay
ce lsneeas gored UUs ee! po "as TS Al Labes re tr
Bl zs [We Gee ori dis ft at eke SRS rh
AL Mast he 3p ee AS Pe be RUA ALT Laat
cA MM Ld Aaa Bek ie fs Fe | if aa =e -.!
UR IANST Ee, er ae Lal PA ne as jal: ai Mall vy s
iii AK alias are aid ate eS ee ee ag
'
75
Now [must crant vou one request.' The magicet the
Dai-Oni fades a Gite with its deteat. You may
restore a pomtafsei.t, 7 pointuf lick car 2 points
oafstamina, if you lost any of these in your battle
What will vow ask of the Dat-Om
'Whatis the Secret of
Singing Death' Turi lo 206
Tha dol slay Tiny
Master of Shadows7* Turn.to 188
'Help mein my quest ba
slay lkiru." Turn to150
75
As you approach the statue of Hammurabi, Lord of
the Flies, the mapician appears again and the statue
comes te life, flexing its forty-foot wings. The
elisiening multi-faceted eyes seem to stare through
you and there is a buzzing all around, The magician
disappears once more and insects bein to attack
your eyes and skin. Hamimuurabi's servants have
come to protect him. Soon the swarm is inches thick
all over you, but the priestess begins to chant an
entrancing lullaby. It is the Song of Swarms. The
insects become sleepy and start to fall off you antil
they litter the ground. The priestess comtinucs her
singing and you sec that Hammurabi's body ts
swaying in lime with her chant. She is amacolyte of
the quilt of the Lord of the Flies. She bows down in
revercnee before Hamumurabi and your way to the
fountain is open. Turn te gs

--- PAGE BREAK ---

j
ce 4 ie pe eee 4 = ok Eee oo Se
eee f. Reee NeE eee yh ae
y coe ioe a" ze AS pig a See ies oa
! OF thee Ste t's fa ic Ae ia
SE ee "9 ey Ree are
PEW Same ns ist aa SP EL 'iy fee ta ae
be i ' I 4 |: Lf i iI tee ae a "ed = i
aa ag eee Sie mate oe 4 to oe ye Silat
f ie DA Man Be Wise: a
yo Pe cid Vy ee ae Ye Gn ge oe bs
F S, aN Fin. gate ne ee a
fini 'e'\ EN re (a ee i, Jf
tie ; = ie ah fae a i ¥ © St Pe
i Pome Gil A ae
PAM ES = 2
ee ee ae eT Ae
eee a a i ee ee =a
76
76
The walls of the Arena begin to shimmer, fade and
dissolve away. Something cle appears in its stead
a black, dark place. You are at the end of a long
Pillared hall of black marble. Braziers of glowing
coal srve off an eerie glow and shadows flicker and
weave, chasing one another across the door. At the
end of the hall is a huge pit, from which noxious
fumes spiral upward. Beyond the pit is agrotesqucly'
carved throne of dull stone. The workmanship is
extraordinary; peaks, pinnacles, gargovles ancl
strange twisted shapes adorn it. The effect is to
wreathe the throne in shadows. You can just make
outa canvled figure sitting wpon it, It seems to be
staring al something in front of the throne. On a
stand before the throne rests a magnificent no-
dachi, 2 Gwo-handed sword, in a scabbard of bright
filicreed gold. Tt seems completely out of place in
this hall of shadowy gloom and brooding evil. You
recognize Singing Death, the Sword ofthe Samurat
and your heart is uplifted
Then the cowled head jerks up in surprise. Beneath
the cowl there 1s - nothing but blackness. A sibilant
whisper hisses forth, a quict exhalation of breath
"Wha dares to visit Onikana, the Pitof Demons, and
imour the wrath of Ikiru, Master of Shadows2"
If you know the secret of Singing Death, turn to 152
iF rou do not, turn logy

--- PAGE BREAK ---

F
4 r J | 1 2
= a q a J g =a
= =. - iat 7 Be f oa
ee oe oe ee _- = omy Le f ery y
¢ ee oe ee er ! = eat ois
ya ! jovi toss oe =
d = 4 Po ese a ce >
x = a ee. = LE = ae ee =>
Ls -- See Se ae
ora eee ea ee foe ee
ead ee ie ea eee + 2 5: woe nS
fea eee ee 5 o5 ai ars 2 -
Gaines oo Seen a iy i eee =
Bi ee a eer a J Ree is =
ptr Sank Oat eran age ge ae oe
Ba Oh I BL gee OO Seer Me es fe ---
eel tae a gee leg a er ag oa ===
EE ie earn a Te a. er alee er
oe oa eT ain el ot a pantaae eal p= ae ms =
oe ae pe ae Ls
So ae ie ea "rs
Pee. . gre a - = atte eer es
oo SE Be abe ae = ee - ir
2 'for ys . 5 a, 5 a =
Peries ao iO | Skee mene ae a
Seen ote ai: oe ---
Tuts eee. Soe 4 es sr cee aa
een Mate ee eis oe = pres
ore Wt OG 2276). ee EE A bie. . a
el Mate Py Oy i hic Beene es
Sh ee ete eee a : Ls p= ry
ares a) ote eee ie os, Wet oad 'eines =e
Sian pee Ste ie eee Toahen ee
Deon PSST es eg ste oe
op a a eee hae weed
== 12 a a a A , a
es ee ee ees ee : : i
a inok oe ies aes > pee wae. Ty Z= 5
SS ea See Sete ===
Se Vo ee ee | ed
ce 2 ae ge ee = Seg See
<i 2 ee Ng e =
VY 6 ae = -- a ae
ae. ------- Diet Se ee wee
hot fh = : ------ oe
1
77-78
You walk quickly past the emoking tuci-covercd
mounds tended by the charcoal-burmers and they
taunt you with cries that vou have deserted the
shogun and are fleeing Tlachiman im fear lest the
Shogun fall and his favourites be executed. Indeed
vou could expect na better, for it has sometimes
been vour duty to kill traitors and enemies of your
otaster and their families will never farget you. Your
conscience is troubled, tor you have failed to defend
the sood name of the Shogun. Subtract 1 fram your
Honour. Turn ta 93
78
You step through the doar marked 'The Endless
Sands of Akhon'. Instantly beads of sweat appear
on your firehead as your body is assailed by a
temible heat. Below a yellow sky, in which hangs a
sur larger than vou have ever sean, stretches mile
upon mile of desert - the endless sands of Akhon
Behind you hangs a door, the way back to the Hub
suddenly a harsh cry, an ear-splitting shriek, fills
the air. A strange bird is arrowing down out of the
ske. [tis larwer than the largest eagle and its eyes are
red and glowing. Its feathers are gold and metallic-
lookine, but the stranwest thing of allis that yellow
dame seems to play lightly all over it, without
consuming it. Tt is a Phoenix. If you have the
Phoenix Ruby, turn to 348. Lf nol, turn to 360

--- PAGE BREAK ---

79-80
beer
higezia
op ge PU tats. : saya ee
a ek A i
ets
lt is not long before you are atlacked by another
giant trep-door spider which launches iiself out af
its burrow just atthe moment when a pangly-legged
water spider scuttles up lo attack you. You mst
fieht them beth
SKILL SvaAMINA
TRAP-DOOR SPIDER 10 [2
WATER SPIDER & 10
TF you win, lum to 87
So
The Samurai rider is wearing heavy battle armour-
You will have to use armour-piercer arrows against
him. You may dire your bow twice before the rider
reaches vou, Roll two dice foreach shot if the result
is less than your $Kivu, then the arrow draws blood
and your target loses 2 STAMINA points
Then he closes in, his spear aimed at your throat
Turn to 92, but remember te: deduct any stTaMINns
loss you inflicled on the Samurai with your arrows
81
z
acc | ST Oe rete
ae aa 268 Tg pA, ae tee fs 2
ty, j Das
RE
The battle rages on, but when you have struck
blows thal would have killed any normal tan, the
silver Samurai falls to fis knees and offers his head
to vour blade, as if acknowleduing your miaslery
You cannot hann him and so you bid him mse. "You
fought bravely and nobly. T shall bear my sword
beside vou as you take your next steps in the En-
chanted Garden,' he says. Will you now take the
path that leads to the priestess and the demon
states (tum to 185), av that which leacls to Han-
murabi, the Lord of the Flies (tum to 165)7
Pe ee | eae
Pek > gy ge Ce
ale 5S al Fe

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ry
eisk it ibpet nae, Satelit mee SVN" ue es
erga quia rest eat de it ts ese a & bs) 4 ates
taser eae gees lean GE ee a, oy fi eer Be =
thes ESE baal ag ais feat paisa (=e 7 Se 'S puts, Site
Ber crite all eh aerl Gs tu "Ag gee Ase gy all
sf, ok Sa ot
Rs ay i= ie ee Fe i sats a og q
x wtf ee ; Ae =; Seer : % a - = tg =™: a
a Say es Ba: fixe PY ee = Po ee
4 ate . ue ae = : 5 3954 ; pea ee ae ae Se eee
Ws oe - ' a = J fs
CT decd fet fetes! Bee
ae me 2 3 : 7 == ee
a, =. 7 7 « q a
# =. F a iy
&2=83
82
Eventually you come oul of the Forest of Shadows
in front of you the track becomes a road thal runs
across an ancient stone bridge, over.a river. Itis the
Hiang-Kiane River, and the bridge is the Hagakure
Bridge. Beyond it, on the horizon, rise the Shios'it
Mountains
As you walk on tothe bndgeeverylining around you
changes; it is as if you hac stepped inta another
world. All the landmarks are the same - the bridve
the mountains and so on - but the sky is darker
now. The river to either side of the bridge is red as
bloed and skeletal bodies, skulls, bones and limbs
float on ils surface
Before you stands a hideous appacition. It is a
Samurai warrior, but one who has been long dead
A grinning skull rests inside the helmet and each
skeletal hand clutches a sword. The flag attached to
its back, adomed with skulls, reads 'Evil Death'
The undead warrior leaps into the air and coines
down before you. You must fightit
UNDEADSAMURAL <SKILLg -sramina ri
Uf you reduce ils STAMINA ta 5 ar less, turn Lo 32
B3
Hoping to give battle before the green wn can drag
your armour into the gloomy depths, vou race
across the pier of rock, which is enly inches below
the surface of the river. Unfortunately the green
slime that covers the pier is extremely slippery. Test

--- PAGE BREAK ---

f4-H6
your Luck, butudda lo thedice score DecaUuse You are
trying to dash heedlessly across the ford. If you are
Lucky, hirn to 97. li you are Unlucky, turn to 67
Bd
You cross the courtyard and walk up to the Shr
kome. They reek of rancid butter and eye vou dully
'Lhave an important message for Lord Tsittsin." you
say, trying to sound authontative. One of them
pruns and growls, Password,' Realizing you den't
know it, you hesitate, Well2' srowls the Shikame
readying his spear. If you have the shill of laijulsu
turn te 252. 1f nol, narn to 268
a5
! You have shattered the heads of many of the elders
but several more are now crowding in around you
You nwust flee. Test your Luck. Ifyou are Lucky, turn
te 45..1f you are Linlucky, tum to 57
S65
You put the harm to your lips and blow an ear-
shattering blast, but all the woman does is clap her
hands over her ears and shriek m pain before main-
ning away into the forest. 1f you wish to fallow her
turn to 70. Otherwise you can step through the door
and return io the Hub. In this case, return tS and
choose another option, but not one you have ined
already
B7-88
87
There are no more spiders to lawpede your progress
and you forge on. The rain lifts a litte and the
water-level drops to reveal a long dyke leading
north out of the Spider Fens. The dyke takes vou as
far as the foothills of the Shios'ii mountains, where
you use goat-tracks tu speed your jowmey. At last
you are climbing one of the taller peaks. Tum ta 8
$2
SAU mu So a ao 'ape Be s6
wMiegeif- -.-ace ee eg oe ae wee
88
You catch the euard's sword-arm and twist, send-
ing him crashing into the wall where he slumps
unconsdous. You may take his swortl, restoring
your SKILL to normal, but he does not have a
wakizashi or shortsword. If you have the skill of
Ni-to-Kenjuisu, you cannot use it until you have
another shortsword. Nor may vou use Kyujatsu
Linh! you get another bow
The corridor ends at a stairwell. The steps go up and
down. Will you ascend the stairs (turn to 108) or
descend them [turn to 122)7

--- PAGE BREAK ---

!
ag=9
Suessing the wise ways of the Shogum, you tell
them of your mission. Unfortunately these peasants
are not loyal to your lord, and they hope he never
Teains Singing Death. You can only watch as ther
bring a cartload of glowing charcoal fom one of the
ovens and empty it all over vou. It isa painful but
quick death
go
The Dai-Oni casts'a spell with its other hand, send-
ing a burst of electrical energy throuyh it iron club
Loge.an exita 2 STAMINA poutts. If you still live
Tetum ta 292 and ight on
gt
Inside the cave, a beautiful woman lies ona ledge of
stone. Her eves sparkle malevolently as she invites
you to dine with her on the heart ofa human baby
You reply that you are an honourable Samurai and
will not come near her. The beautifil woman
changes into a wizened and demonic hag before
your very eyes. She isa Nushi. a monster appearing
as a beautiful woman who can command all the
beasts around her den to do her will. Then vou
must fight my pets, Samurai,' she says. She calls
Alutingly, and the cave entrance is blocked by three
giant spiclers, a Leap-door spider which leaps almost
on tap of you, a powerful earth spider and a gangly
legged water spider. Maybe you could have de-
LJ
92
icated feo of them, but net three sich monsters
together. Your adventure ends here
g2
The spear-head hurtles towards you: Roll hvo dice
if the result is less than or equal lo-your SKILL, you
have successfully parried the thrust. Tfnot, it gashes
Your shoulder and you lose 3 STAMINA points
In any case, the Samurai wheels his horse round
and stabs down -as you try te cnt him freni the
SAMURAITWARRIOR skItt§$ stTaminag
lf you win, turn to 72
I
i
27
ae soap: ae
a ae i

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i
93-94
93
'The launts of the charcoal-burners sail down the
breeze as you tuma bend in the road that skirts the
wood where they cul the staves to be turned into
charcoal. The cracking of dry twigs alerts youas fuur
of the peasants, brandishing staves, run owt in am
attempted ambush. The other charcoal-burmers are
not far behind, having used a trail throush the wood
as ashort cut. Youput your back toa tree, so thatne
more than two can allack ata tfme. You must give
battle
SKILL STAMINA
First CHARCOAL-BURNER = 6 10
Second CHARCOAL-BURNER ¢ o
If you kill the first of your attackers without being
hurt, turn to 347. If you have been wounded by the
time you have killed one of them, turn lo 365
94
You advance resolutely down the hall, determined
to slay lkiru. [he figure on the throne gives 2
'ghostly laugh, a faint spine-tingling titer of mad-
ness. Then it gestures. To your horror, a shadowy
form floats up out of the pit and takes shape before
you. is vaguely man-like, but with a homed head
94
C ce Ek
a | oe a
eee eee
i ce a ES ee ee
and massive taloned claws. lb is a Shadow Demon
only semi-corporeal, a creature from the nether
regions, and you must fight it
SITADOW DEMON SKILL Y STAMINA 10
Each time you hitit, roll one die. Ifthe resuleis even
it loses 2 STAMINA points, Lf the result is odd, your
blow does not connect fully, passes through some of
ils insubstantial flesh and it loses only 1 pommt of
Sramina. Ifyou deteatit, turn to 260
Hl Dy
Ler = eae ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Ree ee Hal
wi + ie S : pera orp arp: "af i } 1 F
f)) cee ohne ea ae a } © ae | =
co Ye ERE see Ig its i
HEA 4 fae : Pe oe pe ine i : rye ed -
age 7 afte "l bi See i f | rr
ea aie pd oer bs é "En fee ii
by sn bi a Tat A a es aa ] Pay i = | A
ia ii eGftare apa e ai ial re i
t h fa £h fete su i Ze He a, | ey Fie
tose! ou See
ef 0) re - i
So nae eS be -- Seat a FS i <
ay era | (eens eee
Be iy ae em le E ee es ee 1 des ae
95798
95
You walk beyond the shisumnenng magnificence of
the Lord of the Flies to the fountain. A cascade uf
Water pours forth from the centre of a large while
Tock into the marble-nmmed pool. Climbing plants
mirror the are of the falling water and they glisten
kept forever wet by the spray thrawn up fim the
cascade. Set upon one of the awrble blocks at the
side of the pool is a silver ewer and a chalice. The
walers are clear and cool. Le you wish tocdeink from
them, turn te 16%. lf you decide tu fill the ewer. turn
to243
96
Ber wits seem addled in some way. Perhaps Waters
of Knowledge may help to clear them. You offer the
bottle to her. Without thought, she listlessly takes
the bottle, and pulps it down. She freezes instantly
her eves suddenly filling with bright intelligence
'Tam Eleanor the Enchantress..ltwas Tkiru whe sent
me insane with a spell! She looks al you gratefully
'And Tknow of you and vour quest. T shall be'atyour
side in the Place of Battle."
She bows and leaves the glade. Note on your Adzen-
ture Skeet that Eleanor the Enchantress 15 your ally
SOW Fou must return lo the Hub, by passing
j through the door. Return to § and chose another
oplion, but natone you-have already tricd

--- PAGE BREAK ---

al
LN a pee
RS i deceuseragh et ier tg ere eS ene ey
He pris Sagi ce ie ae Le rr bots pas Dee oe efor ee
odie
Satie: pce Soe laa Aiteea © «ae ' er Ea i
gate tee a as Tleapidee Peps. Pg =X Bays, ee gt ie ee
peu dite 4a: rea ii eee (a i; fi ti ors | AF
eet oe eat [hi ee a A
ee 'hy | "ll Be ay
bd be 1 i é eH Bp ft i) | ie -s i
oe ey): (Ms
WRT ra Te es oa oe
é \. ein Ne Poe . Li aa iv ni
ify an al cas E fae, " hy 1) ee
es baby ty ek sy -- 5p An OM a
Faery Fle seco poms
ole y pre te HRC ey AL anil ae Ep Pe
eee A ee ey We gi '
ja Meee (gee pies Mea iii
aie ae Ene hy nytih i Sera
a Sa ey tte Lee Le i =S if
ear. -_- a ---
97-98
oF
Halfway aoress the ford wour feet slide out fram
beneath you as vou slip on the treacherous slime
You ate about ty pitch headlong inte the trathmg
white water below the ford when your foot catches
against a large water-snail and you tegain your
balance enouch to teeler to the other bank. You are
too late te stop the scaly creen monsters throwing
your armour into the river, and then they turn to
give battle. You take on the-first three. They have
vicious webbed claws which will do 3 STAMINA
point of damage to vou every hme they hit, since
you are not protected by armour
SKILL STAMINA
int KAPPA R 14
Second KAPPA ue 12
Third KAPPA 7 13
if vou reduce one of the Kappa ta 4 STAMINA poinls
or less, furm fy 32
gf
You find yourself standing on a low humunock of
solid earth. Around you lies a yreat swamp. It
bubbles and heaves, a morass of stinking mud and
thick liguid. Twisted trees and plants stuygle up
cut of the mess. A.doorhangs behind you in space
the route back to the Hub
Suddenly a femendous serpent, with eves glitter
ing like black diamonds. bursts out of the mice and
Mare up before you, ready to whip its head down

--- PAGE BREAK ---

9g-1aL
ancl bite you in two. Lyon wish to fight the serpent
tum to: 246.1f you would rather try to use an item
against it, turn to 258
99
You are completely withoul Honour. As you cast
your mind back over your actons smece you bezan
your quest for Singing Death, you realize that you
acted dishonourably at almost every tum. 'Vilhout
Haneur you are nothing, your life is worthless
There is only one honourable achon lef to you. You
must commit s¢ppuku, lake your own life. You
sinimon up the courage necessary bo fall upon your
katana, and drive yourself forward on to the blade
until vou die, Atleast m this last detail, the manner
af your parting from the world, you have acted
according tothe code of the Samurai
mao
You walk across the courtyard towards the palace
slrulling like a newly appointed general. The Shi-
kome, whoreck like rancid butter, eve you dully_ As
you walk up to them, lonking past them as if they
were not therc, you flash the seal of the Shogun at
them, hoping they will not recognize it. Your bold
and armbgant marner lools the Shikome complctely
and they salute smartly as you stride past them Into
the palace! Turn te a58
101
The impudent youth suggests that they sew up your
meuth, cats and nose before they kill you, so that
102-103
FOUL Spiril cannot escape your body ta haunt them
but the mention of spirits has scared the others into
letting vou go. The youth sees your baleful glare and
leaves while you are being set free, His father, a
crookdegged old fellow, creaks painfully tu his
knewsand humbly begs your pardon tor the insullt-
ing behaviour of his son. The others follow suit as he
offers ta show you a safe village near by, where you
may stay the night. Will you make them swear an
oath of allegiance before soing on (tur to 163), or
cummand the old man te show you to the sanctuary
of the village (tum ta.179
102
The Dai-Oni laughs and steps back. It mutters
arcane words and casts a Spell of Mistortune on
you. Lose 1 LUCE point. Return to 292 and fight on
103
All goes still for a moment as you lie prone on the
ledge, then there is a dull rumbling from the earth
and the ground starts tu shake once morte. The
tremor is strong and there is a great cracking noise in
the wall of slate. The ceiling of the cave crashes
down with an enormous report and slivers of grey
rock fhy everywhere. [f you had taken refuge in the
cave mouth, you would have been flattened. Turn
to 273

--- PAGE BREAK ---

104-107
£04
You turn around: and leave, heading back to the
main raad. The cries of the detencelces villagers
echo across the uncaring countryside. Lose 1 Tion-
our point for your callous achon. Tum to 24
05
There is no pursuit as you hastily leave the. ford
behind you. You have lost your armour, and with-
nul ils protection you will lose 9°5TA MINA punts
instead of 2 every lime vou are hit in battle. The
Shogun's champion is supposed lo aoquit himselt
more nobly than this. Without your armour you
sland much less chance of succeeding in your quest
and by deserting il-you have dishonoured the Sho-
pun, vour lord, for it was he who gave it to you
Subtract 2 from your Honour and tum to 263
106
You came outof the valley to be laced by a large and
forbidding forest, stretching away for miles to either
side. The road disappears into its depths like a stone
int) water. You recognize it as the Forest of Sha-
dows, and you must go through it. Moichi smiles
warily at you and says, Thave heard only evil about
the Forest since the thelt of Singing Death, my lord
Mustwe.. 7 You nod your head: "Yes, we must
Nioichi." You stide forward. Tum to 124-
107
The anap shows that the path leading to the scarlet
pagoda is the westerly path which nims alonga dyxe
108-109
at the edge of a mist-covered lake, [F you would like
to try to follow the route all the way to the scarlet
pagoda, turn to 47. If net, tum to 1 and chaase
again
108
You emerge info a small stateroom. A doorway
lead= oul inte the castle courtvard. Another leads
into the palace itself Wall yen pu inti the palace in
search of Vsielsin (turn to 158), or don the armour of
the eward you have just balled and try to bloff your
way out through the castle gates (hum to 168)'
109
Suddenly a stream of shadowy blackness passes
from Ihiru's sword and begins to course across your
body like a mesh of interwoven cords. Wherever il
tiuuches youit burns agonizingly. You stagger back
howling in pain, as the web of blackness begins to
constrict, crushing the life out of you
When you are dead, your spirit is taker into the Pit
of Demons, where you wall become a servant cf
Tkiru, to be called upon whenever he should wish ta
ae sg Se

--- PAGE BREAK ---

e f a ae a cosy: ae bee, es a
' yy is ag a ae 3 se; fs ae
lst! [epee
ie . eS chad ' J Ar 0 982, -, . wae
7 cee ag ae 1 f . ; oa) 3 4 "i, Bb P| i S
pet eae oN Lae 'tae Pa fics, Wed
iT Rey oe ke Zi a A 4 - a
Pee eee ea
Sa ee : ie
aoa ot oe... ie "pe
Ee ae : ae vedas - ae
LLO-111
110
You step through the door matked 'The Eternal
Tower'. Evervthing changes. You are slanding al
the top of a fortified tower; battlements. surround
Fou. The terrain around vouis constantly changing
sumetimes wood, sometimes. plains; blue sky, red
sky, and so on -az ifthe Eower were shifting from
plane to plane and warld to world. Tn front of you
slands a massive warrior, his lace bearded and
matute, a veteran of many battles. Tis armour is
strange and outlandish to you: it covers hiny [rom
hiad i foot. Behind him stand eight cithers, Eheir
faces Visored and hidden. Their armour is gold
wath a white surcoat covered in blie circles
The man speaks: 'Welcome to the Etemal Tower
conicstant. We are the Koughts of the Gulden Com-
pany, and if you wish ustoatd you in the Tourney of
the Planes, you mustunswer me this. Do you return
hrus the war-ran of our king"
If vou have a war-fan, wilh a symbol ol rune gold
amuws, 2 blue arcle and a white backeround, turn
to186. W you do not, turn to 20d
i11
The eldest of the charccal-bummers, a crook-lepred
fellow, creaks painfully to his arthritic knees. and
humbly begs your pardon for the insulting be-
haviour of his son. The others follow suit as he
offers toshow vou a safe villaze near by in which bo
spend the night Looking up lo see your stern
eapression he hegs vou te take his sonas a slave that

--- PAGE BREAK ---

112
you may teach him humility, but he beseeches you
netto kill him, Will you make them swesran oath of
allegiance before going on (turn to 163), oT com-
mand the old manto shot you to the sanctuary of
the sallave (turn to 179)"
12
You Jollow the thin woodland trail that winds and
bends through the clustered boles of the Forest of
Shadows, The trees are so closely packed thatoniya
fraction of the sun's rays flier down, m shafts of
dusky light filled with motes. of dust that Goat
slowly in the air, It is dim 'and murky, and the
sounds of forest life intrude faintly on the edge of
your consciousness as you walk on, asifima waking
dream
Suddenly you stumble out into a bad clearing
your eyes filled with light. You shake your head to
clear il, when a sound in the air causes vou to look
up. A reat dragon is floating down lowards you. It
has a lone sinuous body, like a massive serpent, but
with faur clawed legs. Its head is horned with great
eJaring, amber eves. It has no wings, but seems to
be walling on air. Itis a Tatsu, a wingless dragon
that can walk on sky, sea and land. It setUles before
you, hovering a [ew feet off the ground. It amber
eves regard you placidly, then it speaks in a nich
deep voice, resonant with knowledge and puwer-
"Welcome to the heartof the forest, mortal. | am the
wuardian - and there are certain celesial laws that
bind me." It seems to smile at you, d dragons can be
113-114
said ti) smile at all! "You must answer two nddles J
shall put to you. [f you answer them correctly, you
may pass through the forest. H not, well... then T
shall eat you. And you cannot mam. No one can pass
through this forest safely without first dealing with
me." Then it laughs as if its last few words were
obvious. Tumi to 2
13
The silence around vou is haunting; the must Kills
even the sound of the water lapping at the great
columns of stone. Leaping from one toanother, you
have just gone out of sight of the dyke when the
water-level seems to nse all around the nearby
Pillars of basalt. Sucdenly a beast of unimaginably
huge dimensions looms out of the lake, causing a
tidal wave which sweeps you into the water. The
Kraken has risen and it huge tentacles, each as
thick as vour chest, thrust you whole into its gaping
deek. Only giants dare risk the giant's causeway
and cven they will bring a man or two toappease the
Kraken's hunger
114
You lake out the helmet. This woman's wits seemed
addled in some way; pechaps the helmet may help
to circ her. You offer itto her but her eyes widen in
tear. "Wo! she breathes in horror, before fleeing into
the woods. If vou wish to follow her, turn te sa
Othenvise you can step through the door and re-
tim tothe Hub. In this case, return to 8 and choose
another option, bul not one you have tried already

--- PAGE BREAK ---

q
115-116
You have shatlered the heads of nvany of the elders
bul scores more are now crowding around you. You
must flee. Tesi your lack. If you are Lucky, tum to
69. LW you are Unlucky, turn to 57-
116
You dash into the village. People are running aboul
in fear, chased by Tsietsin's Samurai, and some
buildings are burning ferociously. Near by, a
Samurai in magnificent green and blue lacquered
armuur és looting the body of an old man he has just
slain, The sight of this rebel dishonouring himself
and the name of all Samurai in such a manner fills
you with diszust. You stride forward and cut him
down with one blew, your razor-sharp sword
almost slicme him in fvo. He screams once. Several
of the trailor Samurai turn at his shout and three of
them spring towards you. One of them recognizes
you and says, "The Shogun's - sumy, the sx-
Shogun's champion. Kill the mangy, fea-idden
goat!' They come at you in a mash, wildly bran-
dishing their swords, You must feht them all at
once. Lf you have the skill of Kanamyjutsu, you may
E A. Ss
fi ae
subtract 1 from all their Altack Rolls lor thie combat
only, as vou jump and leap over them, trying to
dodge their blows
SKILL STAMINA
First SAMURAI 6 e
Second SAMURAI § 8
Third SAMURAT oe
Hf yen ball all three of them, turn to 154
17
You try to bring vour sword down to the sreen
Water in 2 slashing motor in order to slice through
the net, but the monster is too quick for vou. Jt flings
ibe net around your shoulders and pulls you from
VOUur precarious perch on the slime-coveted rock
Your sword does vou no good as you are drapged
below the surlace, surrountled by the scaly ereen
monsters. There is nothing vou can do. You have
fallen into the hands ol the Kappa, from which there
if no cucape
118
The Dai-Oni hows in jay and then casts a Spell of
Confusion on vou. Lose £5KILL point. Return to 292
and fizhton-
11g
With a great cry you hack olf your own ley at the
second cut, reel fom the trap and collapse almost
unconscious. Through a mist of pain vou hear the
beast eating vour severed foot, while you te a stnp

--- PAGE BREAK ---

----oOOOOOeOeeee ee o_O ae
119
of leather ina tourniquet to stop the spurting blood
Lose 7 STAMINA points. Ii you survive, the rest of
the night passes in horror, as you ty to remain
conscious lest the beastattack. In the dawn hight you
see your mistake: it was nota forest panther but a
hyena, which mimics the roar of the big cal. You
have crippled yourself for nothing and you will
have to turn back in diserace, for your adveniunng
lays are over
j
ght ipa" SaBNy - pa re Lees mit
ap He ee Sa, i
A a PS decay 08 i ae ee
ae (> if f Piss A 4 = (od 3 ia s eg
ae pr, = panies herd - Pak
3 er op gs
' a : 7a at. i st
ae 2 te a a
Ere a ea
420
120
The sound of many drumming hoofs comes to vou
from ahead. You stop and are about to nin up the
hillside, when a patrol of twenty or morc of Lord
Tsietsin's men appears ahead. At the sight of you a
shout sows up and they charge forward. You cannot
escape and a battle ensues. You fight mightily
élaying several, but there are too many of them and
you are ovenvhelmed. To vour horror, they slay
Moichi out of hand, calling fim 2 traitor - but vou
knew him to be the only one among them who was
truly loval. Soon you are securely bound and strap-
ped over a horse's back. "Lord Tsietsin wall be
pleased wath this little catch," one of them quips
They take vow to the castle you passed on the road
You are led into the courtyard, where many of Lord
Tstetsin's Samurai retainers rather arvund to laugh
and mock you. You are unceremoniously thrown
int a small callin the palace dungeon. The watler, a
large beely man in a stained leather jerkin, says
jeeningely, "You wall be taken before the Sheyun
Tsietsin on the morrow." Then he slams the nvass-
ive, inm-studded, vuaken door of the cell in. vour
race
You are alone. They have taken your swords, and it
is this rather than the cruel gibes and the indignity
of capture that fills you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
pombe for their loss. There is nothing you can do but
walt for the moming, so vou lic down on the
wooden pallet in the comer and go te sleep, Tum bk
316

--- PAGE BREAK ---

We si ca SS Na ee a as
1 eee i Vb a eae
Vers be FB yA a os re KE Ls f Fa
ths pin SO: URE ST cee ae 'ae £
mir al yc, ea oH i é&
u ye ei : 4 Wikies Geo 4 on
+) od ' it a } Ps : € fs Se - y
£ a fg hh a Natta tie! << on
tee Tq ey near f cit Olt Re a
1 es! ome 1 tS Og te Le we fe Se
hi ify pO 1 Net hay a - ne
oes > ve t- we | ee ee aS
Soe er), a Ge
b= ce SS aphttin <5 he ag '
a itn a
hg = -- <--- '4
ie ote ne
pot = TS <a
a HEE Sie
E21-124
tT
You are in front of the throne. Tkirn rises up like a
shade; you stare into the cowl, to see only shadowy
nothingness, the face of evil. kina points at you and
bolts of dark energy leap from his fingers towards
you. If your Monouris 6.or more, turn to-189. I itis
orless, furn t0.132-
i222
At the bottom of the stairs, a damp, rough-cut
tunnel mums ahead inti darkness. 'psi your Luck. Te
veu are Lucky, tm fo16. If you are Unlucky, turn
Inthe time tt takes a woodpecker to tap the bale of a
ire€ twice, vou have sent an arrow winging its way
towards the youth. Me has no tine ta dadge, Roll
hvo dice. If the score is less Ehan vour SKILL, your
aim was bruc (turn: ty 207). lf vou coll equal to or
greater than VOur SKILL, turn to 351
As vou enter the forest, vou feel suddenly alone
locking back, you cannot see Maichi anywhere
Retracing your steps, vou see him running back
towards the valley. Obviously his fear of the forest
oveTcame his 'lovalty' to you. Cursing: him for a
useless coward, among other things, vou head back
into the forcet. Tum to 112

--- PAGE BREAK ---

WS ae ee
eso dp ead Las a Ree, ab ae Ae eee er
rs Ba a 3 Ey oa. p=" SR mae TT a ad
ee gia ty ae a ips ees aa
peo eS er he o =o oat ol
acetate an By sate ; '=: oat = ren
rig tee 23 | (& A ; 'ee en Tae: 2
Oe ae RN oe rere oe wee
aly it ge a=. Ch! ie a . a
teers Navies aed 4 pao
pes eS" 2 bt Ripa bo a ee
oem | UM ei ad | Le enh
Ihrem Fol iy) -- Se ee 2) ee ae
e eee ef. ! ae \ ie 2 ess
poe ip a 'Fi Sal "y : Pi... > ae S Aa
é. 4 f é i era = y = ... 2 ie
eee ieee oo OE
vi Ait rE Eid | ' = | aN : Sa es See
7 ey DN ce a ¢ % oo el é
rege Sh eS. A
gee i nt
TOES cee he CF
1 viata fs - Lh =
LAN] eae ee eS - ae ie
ee ae h es ee
Sa are rae ys a id =
ot i
125-126
125
The dyke rune for mile upon mile, the praduct ofan
ancient avilization that hved in the delta before the
eternal mist descended. After a while a windins
path leads off into the marsh. If vou wish to turn
aside on to the path, turn to 339. IF you comtinue
along the dyke, tum to 387
126
You open the door marked 'The Enchanted Wood'
and step through. You find yourself in a wooded
glade. It is strangely quiet, as if no woodland crea-
tures frolicked in this wood. The air is heavy with
sorcery - Fou can almost smell it. You know that if
Fou were to travel in this wood vou would became
lust in moments, perhaps tor ever. Behind you
hangs the doortethe Huband you resolve to leaveit
in sight. Just then, a young woman dressed in rich
Tobes of green steps into the dleariny. Her beauty is
askumnding, but her eves seem empty and listless
She stares at you vacanthy. Oddest of all, a nimbus
of crackling blue energy plays about herhands. You
ask her who she is and tf she willaid you against the
Daten
'Who am l7 [no longer know. As for my aid, that is
not lighth won," she says, her brows. knitted in
puzzlement as if itis hard for her to speak. Will you
altack her and try to force her to help you (turn ta
60), oF Fry to use some item you think may be of use
turn to 48)2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

127-128
127
As you Tun to the ford's edge. Uhree scaly green
figures umber punderously out of the river and
climb the bank at the spot where the other picoes of
your armour now lie, They are larger then men
with curiously flal-topped heads, and they move as
if balancing an invisible weight on top of them. As
you pause, two more break the surlace near by. Will
You run away, hoping to find a safer place to cross
theriver (turn to 105), move slowly across the pier of
rock (tum to 73), of race acnoss to where the scaly
monsters are picking up your armour (turn 10 83)7
128
You run into the village and then shout the chal-
lense at the top af your voice, Many of the Samurai
tum and stare as you tell them who vou ate. One of
them steps forward and says, We no longer owe
allegiance to Kihei Hasekawa, and follaw the new
Shogun, Usietsin, but we are still Samurai. Come
then, let us duel" He steps forward, drawimg his
sword, He stands before you, sword raised over his
head, its bp pointed at your throal. You must fight
three of these Samurai, but they cameat youone ata
hme, in an honourable (but biased) feshicn
SKILL STAMINA
Thirsk SAML RAT a Q
Second SAMURAI y 8
Third SAMURAI 7 9
Tf vou kill all three of them, turn to 1g0-
129-141
129 *
Desperate measures are called for if you are to avuid
death at the hands of the scaly preen monsters. Vill
Fou ty a trick suggested by the element brimstanc
humm to 2312), has the thought of their strange flal-
lopped heads entered your mind (turn te 255), cr
will Fou perhaps pretend to be about to cast a spell
on them (tum te 277)2
130
This woman's wits seent addled in same way, but
there doesn't seem to he anything youcando. lf you
wish to ter to force her to help vow, turn to 60
Otherwise: you can Tetum to the Hub by stepping
through the door behind yow. If vow do this, return
to 8 and choose again, but not an option you have
already tried
131
The bolts slam into you, simultaneously cursing
chaming and crippling vou. Lose 1 SKILL, 1 LUCK
amd 4STAMIN « points. Ifyou are still alive, you teel
back and [kiru hisses with joy. But then vou regain
your senses and leap toward him wielcliny Singing
Death. Turn to-199
eat
oe or aa ae gt oan

--- PAGE BREAK ---

132 =233
132
A voice shouts ahead, "Hida, is that vou"' When you
donot reply, there isa muffled curse and the sound
of someone running. A guard bursts into the torch-
light and gasps in astonishment at the sight uf you
'Escaped' How ...7 But his sentence is unfin-
ishecl as vou leap ta the attack
GUARD SKILL STAMINA Y
If you win, turn to742
The clacking continues and then suddenly the head-
man's head lifts cleanly off his shoulders and floats
into the air, followed by the heads vi everyone else
in the village, They are Rokuro-Kubi, you realize in
herer, undead ivhose heads detach from their
bodies at night in order te hunt. The flying heads
dart at yon, jaws snapping viously. You must fight
Eherm as if they were a many -headed monster
ROKURO-KUBEI SKILL1i STAMINAIZ
If you win, turn to 445
el gia chen ate oe wi
Pgs Ee = "pee ae
Sa lettin ea" oe Sa ee nee = nae rat
eee oe age eae" a
134-135
14
It you have an arrow with white eagle feathers
crafted by Tsunewara, and wish to fire it, tim to
1g2. Otherwise, you draw and loose an ordinary
arrow {fur to 164
ice ego, eae ord PES al
135
One of the charcoa-burners pulls the moist turf
frum the nearest charcoal oven, and billowing
smoke and flame belch lorth. Some of them seize
staves with which to attack vou, others edse ner-
vously back into the woods behind the mounds
fest your Luck. If youare Lucky, turn to 293. IF vou
are Unlucky, fm to 307
2
EB +
aa oes

--- PAGE BREAK ---

7 T Ts i i Tye AS T= = A i
sts alba! io ' art sare 4 Ly a
Wee a e mit eget i= "le ec
ase ee ere ah "erase a | ie Ro f
ae - Peal Tatil et pet" BF ee
eae 2. wee eV "i oo . * See BNE
Be ec rae aie ee aan 5 eat
Le Puli ai al fee ae i sere iy
ca PERS et ap | Be 2 eee ED) Oa
"aa! RS cee ae oh Ee Ce ee
PE aaa ms ie yea a ie
See Ween") Lee
SPAM Aaatgeany f ne eal a ee
Tees peg: Fe ap P meg Ens RL eek cia Aipry -
ky em ee ace goes | ee
' ae Bee Le | ees a, | ee
6 4 Alig Sige 7. Maks Ape ee 3 EP | le = 4
% Ph oe Le ey ee Baie a" eek fe a eb, 7 es nat
vet Sie banat i = - or 2 os ies o. ee rEAne
Atel oe 'vet kg oe s '3 é I & me ie fr bed - L
Cae SA i gt
ore A 2 le me Welt Tigh -
cert) fel Ih fi pistes o a) aks 1 af -- eS
5 - ae = ¥ Racine = = wn
Sere gaat ais wr =
136-137
336
You look around. Barracks, stables and so on line
the walls. Across the castle courtyard isa square
stone keep. with pagoda-like roofs and carved
gables, the palace of Lord Tsietsin. Bul iLis the twe
palace guards flanking the doers that really draw
Four attention. They are Shikome, vile hurnanend
bets, but hairy as apes, and with claws, fangs and
horrible snuuted faces. They ane dressed in dirty
and tattered imitations of Samurai armour
although their weapons seem in excellent condi-
lion. The presence of Shikome can only mean that
Tsietsin is in league with Thiru, Master of Shadows
Tsietsin will be in the palace, and it seems even
more important than before to slay him
Will you disguise yourself in the armour of the
guard you have just knocked cut, and, with Moichi
approach them, saving you havea messare for Tard
Tstetsin (turn to 148), pretend that you are Moichi's
Prisoner and that he is taking you to sce Tsietsin
turn to 160), or, if you have the skill of Kyujulsu, try
to pick off the guards as quickly and as silently as
possible (turn to 170)7
a37
A man wearing the ceremonial robes of a court
inagician sleps out from behind a rose hedge and
beaming cordially, bids you welcume ta the En-
chanted Garden. 'Only by drinking from the spring
May you find your wav back to the land of Machi-
man,' he says. "You must keep to the paths at all

--- PAGE BREAK ---

!
oR
te
ps | GR aoe
"= Liew ia
rh } ieee set
a
TR ee er eT I, au = & L
Se ee . eee
i ee > ie a Pe So SS
SNe oy oe Boy: i oe ')6-
dee foe 5 EOE a eats A ae
a pS et Lege =7 twee fs a on
Ras! eb e We Mamee "ee ro ae
Seine,' aR Cae 8 Agee. «oa
RS ER res VD ey ta aie Pp Pf eee ot
eo . re Pa ea ty To pt} ees 3 r hte a6
Paige Ge bi ae vi a ly
Eafe -E. & de we. Ei, . ey Pon
Week waite ee oe a ed ae ee
Ef o i; i Kz 4 1 fie-Sa 2 aft cele EDD, ee oS =: _t
i iy Ij tt ae : i = a - -_ ths ad -. --
ll | eae a cre - NE
ie. to Ree Pee, ree ms = Zerg g
pale" a es | chee" Ca ep ee me oe, ed
a ba i te i gin ee ts a
Se es eo, sive be er er > > es ea
== eel ar es Pet ea =
138
fimes. This isa place of perl, but if you tnumph the
reward is high indeed." With thathe disappears ina
theatrical puff of smoke. The paths to the fountain
all lead past Ehe statues. Will you take the path that
leads to the silver Samurai (tutn tu 379) oe to Ehe
Priestess and the demon (turn to 349)7
138
You have decided vow ate ready to face the Dat-Oni
and his allies, so you open the door marked "lhe
Place of Battle' and step through. You find yourself
ina huge arena, but all the tiered seats are empty - it
appears they have been that way for millennia. But
as Youappear, ghostly fguresseem to malerializein
the seats, men and women ofa bypone age, talking
gesticulatine, laying bets on the oulcome of the
battle, as if they had been waitne for this moment
for aeons, even in death
As you stand on the sandy arena floor, those allics
rou had noted on your Adventure Sheet appear be-
hind vou, each sayin, or silently imparting, a mes-
sage of reassurance and support. If you have not
managed to win any allics, then you stand alone
Before you stands the Dai-Oni; it is wondrous tu
look upon, save for its face which is radiant with
evil. Behind it are ranged three monsters, its allies
The first is an enormous giant toad-being, slimy and
warty, with amouth almostas large as its head. The
second is a giant insect, not unlike a grotesquely
huge praying mantis, m plated armour of chitin, its
mandibles working horribly. The third is a huge

--- PAGE BREAK ---

138
fifteen-foot man of bronze, with the legs of a goat
lis bronze skin is green and pitted with age. Mow-
aver, its eyes are two orbs of red flame, glowing
with power
The Dat-Omi laughs maniacally and says. "At least
you managed to reach the Place of Battle, mortal -
but you will not leave it alive! These,' and il gestures
at its followers, 'are my demon fends. Graalsch
devcur!' it says. The enormous toad-thing hops
forward, The ghostly cowd seems to roar im anii-
cipatior
Ifyou have noallies, turn ta 254. voudo, they wait
expectantly forvour command. Sumehow you seem
ta know that the roles of the s\rena dictate that
battles can only be betweensingle entities. Who will
you send against the toad-being" (Obviously you
may send only those beings you have recorded as
Allies
The Ki-Rin7 Turn to 146
The Sabre-toothed Tiger7 Tum:-tp172
Eleanor the Enchantress" Turn to 162
The Golden Company7 Tum to 184
The Phoenix" Tum lo 294
The Tatsu7 Turn &) 208
fhe wooden rod engraved witha
seTpent shape! Tam fo 228
ae aes : Sts i we = ey x
139-142
139
After some minules of swortl-flailing, the beast
pads softly awa, but vow daren't sleep in. case it
returns. Lose 2 STAMINA points for a sleepless
night. Tum to 151
140
Lose 7 Honour point for this unheraic decision. You
approach the village and creep along the wall of a
house, your bow at the ready. You look inte the
village square. Villagers are fleeing everywhere
neat by, a Samurai is robbing the body of an ald
man. You decide tu ose a willow-leaf arrow, Rall
two dice:if the resull is less than your SKILL, tum to
226; if it is equal to of preater than your sxiLL, him
fi 240
Igl
You dive headlong imto the river, your wakizashi
blade clamped between your teeth, bul it will do
you no good here, out ot your element. You ate
suddenly surrounded by powerlul green-skinned
Tren. The scaly monster have viciqus webbed
claws which take your body and drag vou down
into the murky depths. There is nothing you can do
you have fallen into the arms-of the Kappa, from
which there is no cecape
ug2
Your sword arcs down and shears through the
guard's shoulder, collarbone and sternum, bursting
his heart. He dies instantly in a fountain of blood

--- PAGE BREAK ---

143-145
You race on. The corridor ends in a stairwell, stairs
going down and up. Will you ascend (turn ta 108) ar
descend (turn lo 122)2
143
The spider threshes feebly on its back mm its death-
throes. Beyond, you see more giant webs and bur-
rows; to the right is a cave; behind you the water-
level still rises. Will you enter the cave (turn to 91
or hack your way through the webs (hum to 79)7
The Tatsu is the one from the forest. |i recognizes
you and halts before you. lf you have a jade amulet
fashioned in the shape ofa dragon, turn to 12. Tnot
turn te 166
145
As you flee, the headman's head lifts cleanly off his
shoulders and floais into the atr, followed by the
heads of everyone else in the village. They are
Rokuro-Kubi, you realize in horror, undead whose
heads detach fom their bodies at night in order to
hunt. The flying heads dart at you, jaws snapping
viciously. You have broken through the ring of
elders, but are soon faced by the heads of several of
the villagers. You must fight them as if they were a
single many-headed monster
ROKURO-KUBI SKILL STAMINAI
If youwin, tum to 5
146147
146
'You order the Ki-Rin tu attack. It flies intothe air and
swoops down towards the toad, its hoofs Hashing
with flames. Graalsch, the toad-beime, fixes its huge
eyes upon the Ki-Rin. Suddenly it opens its huge
maw, leaps tmto the air and bites the Ki-Rin in two
before it can escape. It bounds back to the ground
with a meaty slap, swallowing contentedly. The
Dar-Oni laughs wildly. Remove the Ki-Rin's name
from your listof allies. You have no time far mourr-
ing: the toad-thing is advancing tawards you. If you
now have no albes left, turn to 254. Otherwise
which ally will you send against the toad (use only
those shill noted on vour Adzenture Sheet
The Sabre-toothed Tiger! Tum tu azz
Fleanor the Enchantress7 Turn 10 162
The Golden Company7 Turn tu 184
The Phoenix} Turn to-19g
The Tatsu2 Tum to 208
The wooden rod engraved with a
serpent shape " Tum ta z28
147
Taking one springy slep as if saunlering noncha-
lanth: towards the peasants, your muscles suddenly
tauten and propel you forward in a leap which has
them gawping in astonishment. The bravest of
them had been reaching for staves piled near by, but
your swaord-blade pierces the turf before the stack
and the charcoal-burners cower in fear. The eldest
of them, a crook-legeed fellow', creaks pain fully te

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ee Jed fd] AR cei °
fe Fa heigse FF) oe
RE oat RR : Paeat Te Sg ee
Te eaee '| i pels) rd
es ae &, eee f Fi gs os
BS ie Bt] fp F re ee ae
Pay sit ee | ca Fe fe, A BD fis
an i | oY) ry, of rae y oF - fit
ieee Wis Jt SAMs. Gia
I { ea" ae 4 eS fe atts i
3 emer ge Stasi a ee. ee
' oad SS) Mee a rs) 2 Pants' i ee
ee a ee TO ie Se a ee - Se
Rc Rranen ist gg Oi. = RRP oa =! Sooo be > eae
ee tee. Soot ee i eee
b/g: Siar ee eg a: L
oe ee 'eke | | ao \- Se ee we J
ae eee
Ce ae" a -" ag
ae Ze
ae aS
148-140
his atthntic knees and humbly begs your pardon
for the insulling behaviour of his son. He offers to
show vou a sate villaze near by in which you may
pass the night. Looking up to see your stem ex-
pression he bees vou to take his son as a slave that
you mav teach him humility, but he beseeches vou
notte ball him. Will you make them swearanoath of
allegiance before going on (turn to 163}, or com-
mand the old man and his son to show you the
sanctuary of the village (turn to 179
148
Weanne the guard's armour, in the colour of Lord
Tstetsin, you and Moichi approach the Shikeme-
They stare at you blankly as vou tell vour tale. One
af them grunts and shambles away ta retum with
three of his fellows. They will take vou te Lord
Teta, if growls. The three Shikome lead you inte
ihe palace, trough corridors and rooms. Will you
attack the guards now (him to 256), or let thern take
you bo Lord Tsectsin (turn to.180)7
A few gnarled trees and great holes in the pround
rélieve the rain-drenched land of its monotony. A
cumous web stretched between bwo trees thirty feet
apart stops vou in vour tracks. Suddenly a flat
circular slab of tock is hurled aside tram the en-
iranee of a huge burrow, and an enormous trap-
dvor spider leaps upon you. Itis taller than vou and

--- PAGE BREAK ---

150-151
its manclibles scissor together like great scythe
blades. You must fight for yerur life
TOTATE KUMO SKILLwIaO STAMINA 14
U you win, turn to 143
150
The Dai-Oni smiles evilly, "Simply donc, mortal' It
summons up the last ofits magical powers and casts
a Spell of Fortune on you. Gain 2 LUCE points. "You
sill need good fortune, but even that wall not be
enough." Then its body dies. W you have a jade
amulet fashioned in the shape of a Tatsu, tum t
220. lf not, turn to 270
igi
You are still sawing at the trap with your wakizashi
in the morning when there is a shout behind you
The charooal-bomers have tetumed. Mustcnng as
much authority as you can in the unfortunate cr-
cumstances, you order them tu free you from the
tap. They discuss whal to do with the tapped
Samurai. The most popular idea is to bury you alive
inside one of the charcoal ovens. [hey strip bark
frum a nearby tree preparatory to binding you. Will
vou tell them of the importance of your mission
turn ta 8g), or warm them they will be haunted by
spirils if they kill the Shogun's champion (hum to
zo1
te nearer pest ee
1§2-153
ag2
Without hesitating, vou shoul 'Harmony', as loud
as you can. The sound echoes like a trumpet blast
through the quict gloom of this hall of shadows
Tkinu recoils in hormoron his throne. 'No!' he rasps, a
zound like chalk screeching ona blackboard
A blaze of light erupts from the sword, dispelling
the shadows and causing Ikimi to cover his cowled
face even further. The flare dies down as quickly as
it came. Singing Death rises majestically into the air
and then hurtles towards you with fantastic speed
straight into your outstretched hands, where it
scems to nestle as if welcoming you
The effect is imstantaneeus; you are filled with
strength and well-being. Gain 2 Luck points, 2
SKILL points and 4 STAMINA poinis, even if any af
these bonuses takes you beyond your Mittal status
You stand fora moment unable to act, as raw vitality
courses through you. The cowled figure gestures
hurriedly and a shadow torm floats up out of the pit
ft begins to lake shape before you. Ib is vaguely
man-like, but with a horned head and massive
taloned claws. [tis a Shadow Demon, only semi-
corporeal, a creature from the nether regions. If
your Honour is-5 ot more, turn to 274. If it is less
than 5, torn te 174
153
The shards of bone that were the Rokuro-Kubi's
skull litter the ground all around you. Though the

--- PAGE BREAK ---

& r PRG EM DIET E LOS DL ITE EDT PB oo mo Eno
Tee ae ARETE Soave
ang ae a --
ee =
ft) a eee cel
a ee meal i Gah ee
a i 2) t ss i} ; j
2 SEL) = ghee -Se@s = i 9 WG Lo ee ee Ts
Se Best ho af et ton =o 'hai i 'W ME a bet oe
TARR. AL a ae
iF) pared SOG Pall 7p ie i eee a4) oy
i |. ee ees ee 1 ee peer _ I if es <=y°
pes eS a BE ae oy ee 2. | eee
oe Na oe z wf, a i, en eR
eS if ..' --- poe) eee & '
an! = x i) ioe es Pa a
PE TS ee eee: ee
oS a eS. Ee a Se
aoe ee A = == pee, a
SE OEE a eee a nn -
Pcie a tes = as
a -- eee
a s | = et yo
Mois x: ae a se he pear TS Baan. Cae es ee ae
2 / 4 _-- 7 ee eee
Senn aee ree oe itt, oR eS
154-156
mehtis dark vou can just see well enough to head
away from the Village of the Undead. Increase your
LUck score br 1 for surviving the village. Turn te
397
154
The last one falls dead before you. 'Come, let me
slay the rest of you," you shout boldly. Al the sight
of their three dead comrades and the Shogun's
champion standing resolute, the other Samturai turn
tail and flee. Tum to 136
455
As the sun finally slips below the hills and it begins
to set dark, the talk of the elders becomes slowly
mone and more meaningless. A strange clacking
somewhat like castanets, startles you and you see
that the jaws of the hcadmen are snapping open and
shut uncontrollably. The clacking is soon gaing on
all around you. Will you Mee in terror (turn to 145
Of watt te see if the sLrange fit which has seized them
all passes (Lurr to 133)7
156
The stranye creature, its eyes glowing with baleful
orange light, swoops closer, opens its mouth and
breathes a thin stream of fame at you. You duck
but you cannot avoid it completely without falling
olf the pinnacle, and it singes you painfully, Lose 4
STAMINA points. [fF you ate shill alive, the Tatsu
hums for another attack, and you decide vow cannot
fight it from this exposed position. You open the

--- PAGE BREAK ---

wf ye 2 ': TW rs ! / : £3
jedi ice cna at toe Ba ies
= \ rome td i a Ee
om, NGS
rays 5 - 73 tpi, aD "5 i = Sp
Ty ve DOME. Poe Ve : rt ae z=
eo Dee) pana es a = 4 ane ieee A 4
ares cf i ee bot ae | : thf
A'S 8° 3:7 Ae ct ea ne (Be
eek ae ahi Re 2 Pe ee ees oe fi
pe Oe iH Sty Eee Sir a a * 4) s/o
'tN a es io it oN "| ee a
' A 2 pas t) a al % . Thea al > a z "eet 4 a
Ot ed ORS BAe cae: eh
be= ee ae oan --- Se a aed
Re ee paw. 3 -
fe Epes Te Ed --
157-158
door suspended behind you and return to the Hub
Tum back to 8 and choose again, but vou cannot
choose an option you have already chosen
157
There are several lines of scrawny bulrushes leading
away from the place t which vou have retraced
yor steps. So far vou have been able to follow them
through the muddy waters, but naw you don't
know which line borders the path. You choose
weronge and step intea bottomless poal af mud. The
more you struggle the faster vou are pulled under
and the quazmire swallows you up. Tkin's reign
wall spread to all of Hachiman
158
You run down a long coridor and svon find vour-
self lost in a maze of comidors and roonis, niostly
empty save for servants and slaves, who stare at you
inamaxement. You arerounding a corner when you
ave preeted by a sight that causes you to pull up
shortin surprise. You have bumped into Lord Tsict-
sin himself, waddling down the comdor towards
you, two Samurai at either side, Lord Isietsin is a
large fat man with great blubbery jaws and a face
wreathed m fat. Two pig-like eyes Aare at you in
outrage. He wears a voluminous kimuna, bedecked
with an enotmous tobe, adomed with gold leal
You notice that he is opemly wearing the hat which
indicates the office of Shogun

--- PAGE BREAK ---

159-160
Tsietsin gasps in fear as he recognizes you, signals
to-his guards, tums aro und and himbers away from
you. The Samurai draw their blades, bow and dash
to the attack. Turn to 302
159
Assoon as you increase your pace, your feet slip wut
from under you on the treacherous green slime. Dest
your Luck, but add 1 to the die roll because vou are
crossing the furd heedless of the danger. If you are
Lucky, turn 10 283. Tf you are Unlucky, tar to 323
abo
'But, my lord, who would believe such as 1 could
hold captive one as nuble.as yourself! Moichi ©
claims. You stareal him suspicously ior a moment
before ordering him to get on with it. You give your
weapons bo Moichi. He grabs you around the neck
and frogmarches you forward, You cannot help but
feel that Moichi is enjoying this
'The two Shikorne stare at you with doll expressions
as Moichi tells them your story, One of the puards
grunts, and grins al you homibly before shambling
away. He returns with three of his friends, all as
a Re ah ae
" Hh
161-162
ugly and malodorous a5 one another. These three
lead you into the palace. One of them grunts at
Moichi, "More sport for the master, eh2' and wives
you a vicious kick im the ribs. Lose 2 STAMINA
points. "Yes, he is to be hornbhy tortured," says
Moichi, leermgat you. You glare back. Will you wait
until you have been taken before Tsietsin (turn to
180), or have Mochi let you go so that you can beth
allack the Shikome guards (tm to 204)7
Th
Thirstly you bend your mouth to the retreshing
pooland drink deeply of the Waters of Knowledge
Enlightenment floods your being. Sudderly you
know the answer to everrthing: itis as if you are a
god. So sublime is the experience that you cannat
contain yourself and drink lushly once more. You
are intoxicated with knowledge, the knowledge of
alchemists, the knowledge of the meadow wren
the kniwledge of the wisest scholars of the court
and much more. Your thirst tor knowledge is un-
quenched and you drink on, but you are still un-
sated: you throw yourself inta the pool to immerse
yourself fully in knowledge and, intoxicated, you
arowil
16z
You order Eleanor to light the toad. She runs tor-
ward, blue energy crackling at her fingertips, but
the Toad Demon leaps torward with incredible
speed and, before she can du anything, snaps her
up in its great maw in one great gulp, She is na

--- PAGE BREAK ---

163-165
mare. You step back in horror. Remove her name
fromthe list of allies on your Adpentioe Sheet. If you
now have ne allies Ich, turn to 254. Olhenvise
which ally will you send against the trad Use only
those shll noted on your Adnen tre Sheet
The Ki-Rin' Turn 8) 146
The Phoenix' lum to 103
The wooden tod engraved witha
serpent shape/ Turn to 228
They Tepeat the oath of allesiance and you inform
them that it is the Shogun's wish that demency be
shown to his subjects and that you will spare their
lives. Increase your Honour by 1. Will you com-
mand the old man to show you ty the sanciuary of
the village (turn to-179), or journey on alone (tim ta
195]"
164
The arrow flies true and thuds into the thing s chest
It staggers back, but there is no appreciable cifect
You looge another, but it goes straight through it
legs, behveen hyo bones. The other skeletons are
almost on the bridge now. You have no more time
Tum to 242
165
You ask the silver Samurai's advice as you set out on
the path to the statue of [lammurabi, but he remains
tight-lipped and silent. Once again the magican
166-167
appears cut af thin air and the statue of the Lord of
the Flies Nexes his forty-foot wings and turns his
giant. glinting, multi-faceted eyes upon you, There
i¢2 loud buzzing all around you and swarms of flies
begin to attack your eyes and skin. Harmmurabi's
servants have come to protect fim. The swarm is
500m inches thick all over you; you choke helplessly
and then Hamumurabi strikes. It seers he has de-
cided your head will make a tash; morsel, and vou
are powerless to stop him
166
It speaks in a thunderous voice, "You thought you
had slain me, but Lam far more powerful than you
could ever have imagined, mortal,' The Tatsu, eyes
glowing with baleful orange light, swoops closer
opens its mvouth and breathes a thin stream of flame
at you. You duck, but you cannot avoid it com-
pletely without falling off the pinnacle, and it singes
you painfully, Lose 4 STAMINA points. The Tatsu
tums for another attack. You deqdde you cannot
fight from this exposed position. You open the door
suspended behind you and returm'ta the Hub. Turn
back to 8 and choose again, but you cannot choose
an option vou have chosen already
167
itis the work of only two minutes to divest yourself
of the armour. Summoning all your strength, you
hurl it piece by piece over to the other bank. To you
comstemiation 2 scaly preen arm reaches up cut of
the water, catches the breastplate in mid-air and

--- PAGE BREAK ---

168
descends gently below the surface. You have los
your breastplate. Will you plunge mtu the fiver t
tre to et it back (turn to 142), ur race to the picr o
rock, keeping to the side nearest the white wate
harm to 127)2
165
You step out into bright sunshine. The courtyard 1
full of busy people -adesmen, craftsmen, soldier
and so on - and none of them pavs any heed to-yor
as you saunter boldly towards the gate. You wal
through as if intent on come mission and no on
questions your actions. Marvelling at your goo
fortune, vou hurry on to the main road. There yo
head north; towards the Forest of Shadows. Soo
you pass between two wooded hills making a shal
low valley. Turn to 386. F
Kk Gm
eae ' aera =
169-171
3 There ate several limes af scrawny bulrushes leading
away from the place to which vou have retraced
your steps. So far you have been able to follow them
through the muddy waters, but now you don't
know which line marks the edge of the path. Boldly
you set off along one of the lines and soan you are
2 withm sight of the low hill, which is curtained by
sheets of driving rain. As the sround slopes up and
2 you leave the nsing waters behind you notice that
fe all the creatures of the swamp - rats, marsh sala-
c manders and even a giant dragon-newl, which
seems too scared to think about gobbling you up -
arc racing towards the same patch of high ground to
escape the flood. Turn to 149
170
You decade to use bowel-taker arrows as they are
the most deadly. You draw and aim ycnurt bow at the
nearest Shikume. Rell two dice, lf vou throw less
than your SKILL, turn to 232. Tf you throw equal to
or more than VOUT SKEET, TUM fo 24g
17
Af the last moment you bring the sword-blade
down towards the vreen water in a slashing motion
which slices through the net. Then you lunge ayain
with scarcely believable speed. Your sword-point
bunes itself in the lace of the scaly preen monster
which tums purple and sinks below the surface
bubbling purplish blood. The second is still surging

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ayes173
towards the ford and you just have time to reach the
other bank, teetering dangerously every step of the
way. [um to 395-
172
The tiger races forward and roars menacingly; the
toad-thing hops back uncertainty. Graalsch, the
Toad Demon, snaps its head forward to strike, its
ereal maw snapping, but the huge Ser dodges
aside, moving with incredible swiftness and lays
open the toad's side with a sweep of one of its great
taloned claws. Then it proceeds to rip and tear the
wailing Graalsch into shreds. After its task is com-
pleted, the tiger leaps into the air and then fades cut
of existence as if if had jumped to another plane
Remove it from the list of allies on your Adrentue
Skeet. The Dai-Oni bellows in tage and shouts
'Krk, slay the man-thing! and the Mantis Demon
scullles forward. If you are alone now, tum to 266
Otherwise, which ally will you send against tt (use
only those still noted on your Adzenture Sheri
The Ki-Rin2 Tum to 278
The Galden Company' Turn to 304
The Tatsu' Turn to 294
A73
One of the scaly "reen monsters throws a Lident as
yeu turn to flee. Test your Luck. If you are Lucky
turn te 225- If you are Unlucky, tar to 257
19g-176
174
You must fight the Shadow Demon. Singing Death
does not secm affected by its insubstantiality-it will
cut shadows as well as Mesh
SHADOW DEMON skiing STAMINA 10
Te VOU Win, fam to 212
175
She does not answer. You turn round to look at her
and she stares at you with a strange intensity. Her
teeth start to chatter in a most unnerving way, as if
she were trying to speak, but could not. At last she
forces cut the words, 'Go... . Leave the village.' I
you think this is scant thanks for your help and stay
io eat the gruel and sleep, turn tu 203. Tfinstead you
quit the village, tam tag
176
The villagers rum out of their houses and their
hiding-places, some shouting joyfully, others weep
mg over lust Friends and relatives. As many vil-
lagers see to dousing the fires, a number of elders
approach you. Rowing low, one of them says, Tam
sini, the headman. We cannot thank vo uéno ugh
for yout noble act. Hachiman has fallen on bad
times, but af least someone still follows the old
ways. Here, my lord, please accept this gift.' And he
hands you a silken red headband pallerned with a
black three-spoked wheel. 'This is the headband of

--- PAGE BREAK ---

177-178
Shinmen, the legendary hero of Hachiman, whe
came fram this wllage. This headband has born
with us forcenturies.* You feel honoured -Shinmen
was a yTeat hero. Gain a Honour and 1 LUCK point
Just then a commotion starts near by: there are ccs
ofangerand hate. A group of villagers have found a
wounded Samurai raider and are dragging him
towards you. They are chanting, 'Kill, kill, kill, kill'
The headman bows to- you and says, 'Please red us of
this vile murderer, lord." The Samurai lies before
you, defenceless, a slim young man with a blood-
stained head bandage. He looks at you defiantly
resolved not ta show fear. Wall you kill the Saniurai
as the villagers wish (turn to 238), or spare his life
turn to 25a}7
177
instead of bedding down far the night, you walk out
of the house and into the village. The meeting of the
elders is about to begin outside the headman's
house. Jt is gettiny dark. Will you quit the village
turn te 15), or join the elders (hirn to 319)"
aye
'Spare me, preat warrior, please spare me,' gabbles
Tsietsin. 'It was [kina he forced me to tum agamest
the rightful Shogun, forgive me, | shall be his loval
vassal from now on.' This is all a fissoe of tans
parent lies: As you look down, feeling only con-
tempt and loathing, Tsietsin's eyes narrow in cumn-
ning malice. His right hand flicks through the air. A
a
L7y-Th
needle-like dagger flies from his hand and into your
tugh. Lose 3 STAMINA points. If you live, you
tagger back in surprise, while he lurches to hig feet
drawing his sword. 'Curse you, Vou swine,' he crivs
and slashes at you. You must fight Lord Tsietsin
LORD TSIETSIN SKIL1.7 STAMINA 11
If you win, tum to 422
179
Ordering the old man to show you the wa y alone
you leave the charcoal-bumers' woods, He bids
farewell to his son, then fawnin gly ushers you an
He takes you along a winding track that leads to the
dales of Kanshuro, # land where wooded plateaux
are niven by beautiful and peacetul dales, which
nestle unseen between cliffs cut into the limestone
by the rivers which formed them, Atdusk you take a
path down into the Vale of Tinshu to a small and
Picturesque village. You tum to the ald man to ask
its name, but he has fallen to the grouunel. You try to
rouse him but his heart has stopped. He is dead
Tum: to 5
180
You are taken into the audience-room of the palace
whete vou soon realize you have made a mistake
Lord Tsietsin, a fat, pie-like man, sits before yoo
but the wails are lined with Samurai warriors, aver
sixty of thent inciuding many Shikome. One of the
guards recognizes you from the villa ge, and within

--- PAGE BREAK ---

181-182
moments you and Moichi have been sliced into biis
by their swords
181
The water-level rises faster and faster and it be-
comes harder and harder to retrace your sicps on
the safe path across the featureless fens. At any
moment you could step off the path and be swal-
lowed up by the stinking quagmures. Test wowr fuck
Té-vou are Lucky, turn to 169. If you are Unlucky
tur to 457
162
You open the iron war-fan. lt reveals a beautiful
image painted on ils spread blades, an inuignia you
donat recugnize, something very ancient: nine gold
arrow fletches pointing inward toa blue circle, the
whole set ona plain white background, Puzzled
you fold itup and place itin your backpack. Will vow
put on the helmet, if you have noi already done so
ttun lo 210}, drink from the bottle, if you have not
already done so {turn to 196), or leave the cavern
tum to 222}7 1
Ze
ter SE pe tin = itl
EN a eS a f
184-184
183
With your back to the tree, you direct a fresh
onslaught. Desperate measures are called for if you
are to avoid death at the hands of the scaly green
monsters, Will vou uy a trick suggested by the
element brimstone (turn to 231), has the thought of
then strange flat-topped heads entered your mind
Tum to 255), or will vow pretend to be about tocasta
spell on them (tum to 277}7
184
The Knights of the Golden Company uttera batlle-
ary and charge forward with military precision
However, their weapons, straight swords and
maces, make little impression on the leathery skin of
the Toad Demon. Graalsch lays about itself with
ferociows accuracy; each super-fast dart of its head
bites a knight in two. Within moments they are all
dead. You stand aghast at its horrible power. Re-
more the knights from the list of allies on your
Adventure Sheet. Graalsch hims upon you and hops
forward. Ifyou are now withoue allies, turn to.254
Otherwise which ally will you commit now (use
only those listed on your Adventure Sheet
The Tatsu2 Turn to 208
The Sabre-toothed Tiger® Turn to 172
Uhe Ki-Rin2 Turn to1r46

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ne
OS: ge oO hes OE
eet ean EP ee eee ge aed ee =
Oe akaa* Ce ee ae (eo
i hae eae Se, ete jd fe aca eg F
5:2 ieee aoe, Gers s ae, Se ff Piles Birger Fs
ry alt ae Sh: mu ' 'Se aie B= : iad 'ate ] . '
be ee Ne es pase Ae ee ee t te cag
Ch ce ey 7 | r
jf (eae ae ile aS j
qi int a Be 4 Recrie | a= ced SS !
imi | eae oe A ee Y i
B PROS SR
Bi NM oo ye ame Be tf fd
ieee ff i\Meate Mae ee fe pave
i oo ee St eae tiie bf iy uae gigrr s
5 He a 6 ites es 4 a - - at 4 be St aoe) ac
eS OG OS See
oS
ca dee Pi Cao a
eed : = -a----
185-186
aB5
The silver Samurai strides purposelully at your side
towards the twin statues of the demon and captive
priestess. The magician appears again out of thin air
ind the two statues -the black-skinned, red-tusked
demon and the pale skinned priesiess- come to life
she kneels at your fect imploring you to save her
from the Pit of Demons, but her captor yanks the
chain cuelly and she is pulled to the floor. 'I'he
silver Samurai gives the Rattle-cry of Ages and the
demon is stricken with terror. They battle mightily
but even the eldritch powers of the demon are as
taught agamset the Hashing Sarnurai. The demon is
slain. The chain disappears and the silver Sarturai
melts into a little silver puddle. The priestess puts
her hand in yours. 'Whither now, gallant saviour®'
Will you fake the path to the statue of the Sea
Dragon (turn to.§5§) or to the statue of Hammutrabi
Lord of the Flies (turn to-75]7
186
You take oul the war-fan. The knight gasps in
surprise. "You have it® he exclaims. You hand it to
fim and then he kneels before you, the other
knights following suit
'When vow travel to the Place of Battle, we shall be
there to light at your side. Long have we sought this
artefact."
suddenly you find yourself back at the Hub str-
Tounded by stars and the eight doors. Note that the

--- PAGE BREAK ---

187
Golden Company are your allies. Return to 8 and
choose avain, but you cannot choose an opbon vou
have tried already
wSF
You head hastily in the opposite direction to that by
which you entered the village. Nobody appears to
notice you leave and you begin to breathe casice
Suddenly you catch sight of the old charcoal-bumer
who brousht you to the village. You thought him
quite dead, having left his unbreathing corpse at the
ather edge of the village, yet here he ts grinning at
you from behind a wall. You step forward, but stop
as his head sails up into the night ai another
Rokuro-Kubil It spits black gobbets of poison which
hiss and smeke as they spatter against your face
You are in agony. Lose 2 STAMINA points. You
must ight the Rokuro-Kubi asit flies through the air
snapping viciously
ROKURO-KUBL SKILLZ STAMINAS
Tf you win, turn to 153
Cy ae, | Se
188-190
183
The Dai-Oni smiles evilly. "Simply defeat him in
battle, mortal." He laughs wildly, before his body
dies. If you have a jade amulet fashioned in the
shape of a Tatsu, tom to 220, If nal, turn to 270
789
suddenly, Singing Death flares brightly once more
and the bults of dark energy simply cease to be
extinguished in its bright ight. [kina staggers back
but the light fades as quickly as itsprang up. Turn to
igo
The last one falls dead at your feel. You expect
another to step lorward and take his place, butnane
of the other Samurai makes a move, Ihe villagers
cower im their homes, watching the proceedings
with feur and hope in their eyes. One or two of the
samurai shufile back uncomfortably. They have
been awed by your swordsman ship
One of them says, "You are a master of the sward
and you have won great huncur here, As vou have
fought so well, we will leave now and spare your
hte." His words sound coucteuus, but you sense itis
fear of facing you rather than the desire to honour
you that is making them leave. They leave the
Village as fast as they cam; you feel too tired to
persue them. Gain 1 Honour point for your chal-
lenge and your defence of the village. Turn to 176

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Igi=195
191
She places her hand on vour shoulder, points to the
gruel and the mattress, then humes away inte her
own litte bedroom while the sun turns the sky red
as ie sets. Ifyou wish to leave the house after
finishing the repair, turn to177. you ealand sleep
furn te 203
192
fhe arrow flies rue and thuds into its chest. The
undead Samurai shniecks hombly and fails to the
ground, There it begins to dissolve, as does the
aTow, unt) there is nothing left but ash. As it docs
so, the skeletons fall back into the river and sink
from sight. The redness fades fom the nver and the
sky lightens
You walk across ihe bridge, and inspect the heap of
ash, Among the ashes you notice an tory hom of
fine workmanship inlaid with silver Lracery depict-
ing 4 sabre-toothed fiver. You pick it up and walk
on. Turn to 211
195
On Close inspection the nver looks quite deep and
you will not be able to cross wearing your heavy
armour. If you wish to hurl the armour to the other
side before plunging in, tum to 167. you prefer to
Tisk the ford, vall vou crass near the frothing white
water (turn to 213) or near the green depths on the
upstream side where you are now (furn to 202
194
194
You order the Phoenix to attack Graalsch the Toad
Demon. The Phoerux tlies straight at the toad-thing
Oddly, Graalsch does not move, even when the
Phoenix tums into a fireball alrnost on top of it
When the flames die, Graalsch is completely un-
hurt, as if it were immune to flames of any sort, The
toad-thing's head darts forward and its huge maw
doses around the magical bird, swallowing it wp in
one gulp. The Phoentx is no more. Remove its name
from the list of allies on vour Adventure Sheet. Téyou
now have no alles left, tum to 254. Otherwise
which ally will you send against the toad (use only
those still noted on your Adventure Shevt
The Ki-Rin2 Turn bo 196
Eleanor the Enchantress" Tum to 162
The wooden rod engraved with a
serpent shape7 f Turn to 228
ae oa =
eer -S

--- PAGE BREAK ---

eer = fae a
re Ae Ae 5, Bn ee i
oe abs sep aoe in » ae RI rill q
eer =a ged = or a4 Spa a et Faneh
Me eg Ae echt
& a ce Ea Py ot & Es aa Bp a3. SP =a w Whe
ah |: ee eestnats te 1 er bs ees | lI
ean if ta nel irc NE aS Set
=o bb AS ot i a pets tat at
Bite | id i dg | | a i safe 7
= pe | if. | We ie. : Bog 4 'é € Lae Sh re, il
le eg F. ne "Waeres Wy
es ve 'hi i 1 (a! e marae [Pew e bee = wat ing Seca
f i" . = i ti i 5) a ait ri f - os == LR
4%ky Ws a . ee Se Ca £ .. ae ea i &
2 ae F Ca nS Bote bon FS ae SS
poe NE) | ce fg > eae a te
SS = ot ee
iS = eee --- -
195-196
195
The road forks behind the charcoal-burners' wood
and you decide to take the left fork, which drops out
of sight into a small wooded dale. As you descend
dusk draws in anc the sight. of a fire outside a
goatherd's rough hut is welcoming. You march
cluser ba see if it offers shelter for the night, when a
figure dressed in the lacquered armour of a Samural
stoops beneath the low doorway and walks to the
fire. The flames illuminate his polden armour and
the proud face is unmistakable. It is Yoro Ginset
erstwhile captam of the executed Lord Toda's
guard. Toda plotted against the Shogun. His dis-
graced Samurai committed seppuku, killing them-
selves rather than sulfering dishonour, but Ginsen
decided to live on asa ronin, a Samurai withoul a
ford. His hatred of Samuraiis well known. Turn to
196
You raise the bottle to-your lips and a vile stench fills
your nostils, You sip it-the taste makes you heave
and cetch, but the liquid burns down your. thraat. It
is invigorating and health-giving; the liquid is heal-
ing some of your wounds. Regain up tu 3 peints of
lost Srasatna. There is enough liquid left for one
good drink - you may drink it atany Hime to restore
up to 5 poms of staMINA. Will you open the
war-fan, if you have not already done so (tum to
182), puton the helmet, if vou have not already
done so (tum to 2190), or leave the caver (tum to
aa2)2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

197-198
197
With a single almighty bound you have leapt out of
the chitches of the Groundhog on te the rock-shell
beyond. Will you run into the cave (him to 265), or
climb to the crest and escape (tum to 259)7
298
The knights run forward with military precision
Twin bolts of mby fire leap from the eves of Gargan-
tus and strike one of the knights, whois hurled forty
feet through the airand killed. The other knights are
not using their swords and maces; instead they are
wielding lengths of rope. They run around Gargan-
tus's legs, dodging and weaving and casting their
lassoed topes at Garpantus. Soon they have his
arms enmeshed, and one ofhis legs; but hvo men lie
dead. Then the remaining knights all pull on the
ropes and Gargantus slowly begins to topple. He
fives a wreat cry of despair, like the roar of a huge
waterfall, before crashing to the ground. Assoc 2s
he touches the earth, the light fades from his eves
and he lies inerl, nothing but a massive bronze
statue. The leader of the Golden Company savs to
vou, 'Our duty has been discharged, bearer of the
war-fan. Farewell." Then they literally siep away
into nothingness
Sey ee a ee ete
199-200
The Dai-One speaks, "You have done well, mortal
but mow IT shall kill you." It advances, wielding a
massive spiked iron club, a Tetsubo, If vou still have
the Ki-Rin as an ally, you may send it against the
Dai-Oni (turn to 394). Otherwise, you will have to
fight the Da-Oni alone-(turn to 292
199
A sword of black steel, etched with glowing red
runes, appears in Ikiru's shadowy grasp and vou
Both fall te combat, dark against light, Each hme
you hithim, deduct STAMINA as usual; butaleo Test
veur Luck. Uf you are Lucky, tum to 235. lf you are
Unlucky, just fight on. Each time Tkiru hits you, nat
only do you lose the nonnal stamina. buta power-
ful surge of force enupts from his black ronesword
and threatens to overcome vou. Roll two dice: if the
fesultis moce than your STAMINA, tutrn ta 47; iF tt ig
not, fight on
IRIRU SKILL 12 STAMINA 12
if you win, turn ti ga0
200
The knight's face falls when he sees you have no
idea what he is referring to. 'Another wanderer that
does not bring us what we seek," he mutters. Be-
gone! We wall not wid you. May the Demon Lord
devour you! tWith that you find yourself back at the
Hub, surrounded by stars and the cight doors
Retam to $ and choose again, but you cannut
choose an option you have already tried

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i
if Se aa as Se: 7
» ee
i P= SS ae
oi; ™ eat) See 1
eee F gee ae ts OU Giper
ae ae Sa fe || eer = =
pr Be ON ge i git | Sar) ei
tay Zi) "| i. Nad : ry ke nal ' : it { i -* P Bek
ut ee ath a A 'al ee eet A ay " a "
ieee i eds aes er Sa ae | aa Ee I: ot
aes | aren, Bim eer 14 ar 'me ae \k 'i eee
er OFF hierar || ff a ae
deegereel | ALARA a ie A ae a ie
Fest | ay tes bal eee
po errr, Bix ALA Ale Vee | ie + --
- ee ere WN rhe Pia A - a aa
e > se Sa ------* ie ---
201-202
201
Choosing the side of the ford nearest the green
depths, vou cautiously feel your way towards the
far bank across the pier of rock, which is only inches
below the surface of the river. The green slime
which covers the cock is treacherous underfont
Suddenly two figures rise majestically out of the
depths. They have scaly ereen skins and curiqus
flai-topped heads. They move as if balancing some
thing invisible on top of their heads, but they also
have dangerous-looking webbed claws, and they
are surging towards the ford. Will you lunge vour
sword at the nearest (him to 233), or ty to make a
dash for the far bank (turn to 21§9}7
202
One of the Samurai sees his comrade's dead body
and shouts a warring. You dart into cover, but are
spotted, and three Samurai tush forward, One of
them recognizes you and says, "The Shogun's -
sorry, the ex-Shogun's champion. Kill the mangy
flea-ridden poat! They come al youinarush, wildly
a
Naty rhe
a
Gol ae
ay De a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

203
brandishing theirswords. You must fight them all at
once, IF you have the skill of Karumujulsu, you may
subtract 1 from all the Attack Rolls for this combat
only, as you jump and leap over them, trying to
dodge their blows
SK LL STAMINA
First SAMURAT 6 7
Sroond SAMURAI & 8
Third SAMURAT 7 6
U vou kill all three of them, barn ti 154
203
Tt is peaceful and calin in the village as vou take off
your armour, bed down and drift uff to sleep
There is a sudden sharp pain in your leg. You sit
bolt upright to see by the light of the moon a disem-
badied head feeding off yourleg. Itis the head of the
peasant woman. There is no blood at the severed
neck, and with a thrill of horror you realize she ts a
Rokuro-Kubi, an undead being whose head de
taches itself from its body at night in order tp hunt
You have already lost 3 STAMINA poinis. Seizing
your katana, you give battle to the floating head
which snaps at you viciously
ROKURO-KLEBEI SKILL8 STAMINAS
Tf vau win, turn to 187
204-206
You grab your swords from Moichi and leap to the
attack, as does your retainer. The Shikome are
completely surprised. They may not Aight back for
two rounds of combat. Moichi is lighting one, but
You must Hight the other tyro
SKILL STAMINA
Iarst SHIROME 4 6
Second SHIROME 7 5
lf they are still alive after six rounds of combat, turn
to 218. If vou have slain them befare then, turn E>
205
All goes still for a moment as you wedge yourselfin
the cave mouth, then there is a dull rumbling from
the earth and the ground starts ta shake once more
The tremor isa strong one and there is a_preal
cracking noise above you. You look up in time to see
@ hundred tens of slate dropping fromthe cave rool
There is no escape: you are squashed flat
206
The Dai-Oni screws up its face in pain and rage
'Curse vou, mortal. The secretis "Tarmony'". Li ther
that word and Singing Death will come to life and tly
into your hands, but only tor thase of noble heart -
which is why Tkima has been unable to use it yet," he
adds with a laugh of malicious glee. Then his hody
dies. If you have a jade amulet fastuoned in the
shape of a Tatsu, tum to 220. If not, turn to 270

--- PAGE BREAK ---

207-208
207
Which type of arrow did you select to Gre at the
youth Was it a willow-leaf arrow (tum to 223) ora
bowel-raker (turn to 239)7
208
You order the Tatsu to the attack. It gallops into the
ait. Graalsch shilts its bulk tu face the Tatsu, just as
the dragon breathes a stream of flame that engulfs
the Toad Demon, Bul incredibly, as the flames
subside, it becomes apparent that Graalsch is com-
pletely unhurt, As the Tatsu pauses momentarily in
surprise, the Toad Demon execites a great bound
ito the air and bites the Tatsu's head clean off its
shoulders. The Tatsu's body simply fades out of
cxistence, Remove its name trom your list of allies
The Dai-Oni mocks you at this point and orders
Graalsch on, If you are without allies now, fam to
254. Otherwise, which ally will you send against the
toad (use only those still noted on your Admenture
oReet
The Ki-Rin7 Turn tu 146
The Golden Company7 Tum to 184
The Sabre-tonthed Tiger' Turn to 172
209-211
209
The ronim catches sight of you against the skyline
and, hand on the hilt of his katana, he swaggers
towatds you. He is a frartor and an enemy of your
lord, but a peerless swordsman. Will you hide
among the trees (tum te 222), or wait to see whal
Ginsei will do (turn to 2a4)2
210
Gingerly you place the silvered helmet on your
head. Foramoment nothing happens, but thenlanc-
ing bolts of pain lacerate your brain, You scream in
agony and rip the helmet off your head. However
Four brain feels slichily numb, as if you weren't
guite yourself. It is 2 Helmet of Behiddlement
lose 1 SKILL point). You may take the helmet with
YOU In any case, if you 50 wish. Will you dnnk from
the bottle, if vou have not already done so (turn to
196), open the war-fan, ifyou have notalready dane
so (turn tu 182), oc leave the cavern {tum to 222)7-
244i
You follow the road to the mountains and the lair ot
Ikirw. The day passes uneventfully and you spend
the night under the stars. You rise the next day
relreshed: You may restore up to 2 STAMINA
points. 'You press on, leaving the toad, until you
come to the Shios'ii Mountains. A goat-track climbs
up one of the largest mountains and you decide to
follow it. Turn to 8

--- PAGE BREAK ---

212-213
212
The Shadow Demon is dead and Thiru hisses in rage
and fear, Hurnedly he raises his hands high and
Lllers a strange ary. Shapes begin to rise up out of
the pit and form around him, a phalanx of guardian
shadows. A score surround him in rnaments
Will you step forward and throw Smging Death into
ihe pit (tum to 312)2 Will vou wait to see what
happens (turn to'52)2 Will you walk around the pit
and try to stride boldly through the shadowy furms
turn to 298)7 Or will you throw Singing Death like a
spear at Ikinu (turn to 63}7
213
Choosing the side of the ford nearest the frothing
white waters, you cautiously feel your way towards
the far bank across the pier of rock, which is only
inches below the surface of the river. The green
slime is treacherous underfoot and it is all you can
do to keep your balance. Suddenly two scaly green
figures rise up out of the green depths upsiream and
begin to wade tuwards the ford. They have webbed
claws and curiously shaped flat-topped heads, Will
you make a dash for the Jar bank (turn to 159), draw
back from the ford and try to find a saler place to
cross (tum ta 245), or give battle on the ford iteclt
turn 10 345)7
214-216
214
You hold up the ruby and it flashes in the surdight
but the sabre-toothed Uger continues &) hurtle to-
wards you. Then itleaps. You must fight the tiger
SABRE-TOOTHED
TIGER SKILL IG STAMINA 12
if you win, there is nothing more here, so you step
back through the door to the Hub. Retum to 8 and
choose again, but not an option you have alreacly
225
Iidoes not take you long to find a suitable plank and
nail it fo the screen. At least the little house will be
warmer to live in now. To your consternation, the
melancholic ald woman becomes a:itated while you
work, and her teeth begin to chatter like castancts
Will vow ignore her and firush work (turn ta.191), or
ask her what is wrong (tur to175)7
216
You dart from house to house, completely unseen
You manage to kill another Samurai with an arrow
in the chest. The others turn round in astymishment
but are unable to see their assailant. You conlinue
your accurate archery -soon you have killed four of
them and they still have not found you. This is too
much for them and the remaining Samurai tum to
flee. (You may recover most of the arrows, but some
arc broken: you will lose 1 willow-leat, 1 armaur-
piercer and 1 bowel-raket_) Turn to 176

--- PAGE BREAK ---

217-218
217
The path winds through the mist for several miles
further than the map Jed you to expeet, and you still
have not caught sight of the scarlet pagoda. If you
wish io turn back to the miant's causeway, lum to
113. If not, turn to 369
218
The sounds of hatte have alerted the others. A
troop of Shikome and Samurai appear on the scene
and itis nol long before yau and Moichi have been
overpawered. Motchi is slain out of hand, but they
take you prisoner, making gibes about the Shogun
and his champion as they do so- they plainly know
who you are. You are filled with surrow ai the loss of
your loval retainer
You are unceremoniously thrown into a small cell in
the palace dungeon. The gaoler, a large beefy man
in a stained leather jerkin, says jeeningly, "You will
be taken before the Shogun Tsietsin on the sor
row.' He then slams the massive, inon-studded
caken door of the cell in your face
You are alone. They have taken your swonds, and it
is this rather than the cruel sabes and the indignity
of capture that fills you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
point for their loss, There is nuthing vou can do but
wait for the moming, so. you lie down on the
wooden pallet in the comer and potosicep. Tum to
316
219
219
The oldest of the charcoal-bumers catches up with
you after a time and fawningly begs that he may
show you to a place of safety so that it may not be
said that his family dishonowred a Samurat. [He
fakes yuu along a winding track that leads Lo the
vales of Ranshuro where wooded plateaux are riven
by beautiful and peaceful dales, which nestle un-
seen belween cliffs cut into the limestune by the
nvers which formed them. At dusk you takea path
down into the Vale of Tinshu to a small and pic-
turesque village. You turn to the old man lo ask its
name, bul he has fallen to the grouncl. You try ta
Touse him but his heart has stopped. He is dead
Tum to 5
a
pig
ae ana (HN PU hoo Se
S a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Smee Dp ak
fat | 4 Ne ee Py
Poole este: af tah See Eg
¢ a dl ah e258 ae
* ree 5) Pe! an See EE
q i te 4 4 ae: 72 " a > ae > : t) b=
a fy ae ee |, eee ba ee E
ae 3) Soa : is: cee Fi" cere *
freer cee ; SoM |e "ue Or ay
= sare site. a 'da 4
me sb : righ 4 h ae -ae i
Soin (Le rete ee ie fie ). Rte
= tis . ot a \ eo
ME (cis Apr mode Ceo | see een | ie
ee : [G ay ge Fy ie be cays i] =
ret sa yw d fe See oe
4 i : : : «ie 5
AB f ae Oo) ee
3 » J - - it
aery baa GB Pee y "ee ee
eee =o we - --
+ <r: SS SS eee a
ae ; = oe
t a fon cf = =o
- == teee = : - aT
s Sarr ar 18 -
220-221
220
A temible thing happens. Out of the body of the
Dai-Onia spectral shape coalesces, a ghostly form of
the demon, with insubstantial taloned hands. Ttisa
Shura. or warrior ghosl, the spirit of the Dai-Oni
come to avenge its death
But vou remember the words of the Tatsu and
invoke the Jizo ot Demons, saying, "A Shura is here
OJizo. Come and execute your purpose,'
As you Anish the word 'purpose', a being appears
before you. He is dressed as a warrior monk and
bears 2 staff inscribed wilh glowing runes. You are
fled with awe at the sight of it. The Jizo of Demons
iznores you and merely strikes the ghostly spectre
The apparition promptly disappears with an
echoing wail of dread. The Jizo, without even
acknowledging your presence, also departs. Tum
to 76
221
Ginsei calls challenges tb) you, but he cannot track
you down. Slipping away, you reflect that it would
have been a close battle. Fear wakens in your breast
you did not dare to challenge the enemy of your
lord. Your honour is besmuirched; you feel wnworthy
to be the Shogun's champion. Subtract 2 from your
Nonour. Night is falling and you try to find a dry
spotin the woods to sleep. Turn lo 371
OL
ca mee weld Say

--- PAGE BREAK ---

222-224
222
The exit tunnel curls upward until you can see a
small circle of light ahead from a cave entrance
undera rocky overhang ona hillside. The hill slopes
down into a shallow valley with a road running its
length. Ibis the mam road. You must follow it north
to reach Onikaru and Lkiru. Turn lo 486
223
The willow-leaf arrow whistles through the air and
bores itself in the youth's side: he screams and
doubles up in agony. One of the charcaal-bumers
ties to grab a stave, but two others restrain him and
the eldest of them throws himself at your feet
implanng you not to kill his son. Looking up and
seeing your stern countenance, he offers to take you
to a village where you may pass the night safely
Will vou command him to take vou to the village
tum to 253), or walk on alone (hurn to 1905)7
224
You aim and fire: lf you are successful, you may
deduct the total damage-value of your amow from
the liger's STAMINA Of 12. You have the chance to
fre three arrows before itis upon you. You must
hight it now
SABRE-TOOTHED
TIGER §KILL10 STAMINA I2
Ifyou win, there is nothing more here, so you step
back through the door ta the Hub. Return to 8 and
choose again, but not an option you have already
tried
225
The trident catches in a low branch and you are able
to make vood your escape. Turn to 245
226
You draw and fire: the armow skewers his neck. He
throws up his arms and falls dead. (You will not be
able to retrieve this arrow, so cross off a willow-leaf
arrow from your Adventure Smeet.) Now Test your
fuce. If you are Lucky, turn to 216. U you are
Unlucky, tum to 202
Tet ce eS rh te be
The road mms down to the river's edge at a ford
You cam see, running to the other bank just below
the surface, a pier of rock, over which the river
pours like a weir. Below the weit the water is white
and frothy; above itis still, deep and green, The pier
isten feet wide and covered in green slime. Will you
cfoss near the frothing white water (tum to 213} or
neat the green depths upstream (turn to 201)7
Otherwise you may plunge in above the weir and
swim (tum to 193)-

--- PAGE BREAK ---

228-230
228
You throw the carved rod in the path of ihe toad-
thing. Suddenly a great Serpent rears im mts place
and Graalsch, the load Demon, hesitates in fear for
amoment, The serpent's greal coils wnthe forward
and envelop the Load ina mip of steel, ever ighten-
ing, its fanged head continually diving at Graalech's
trapped body and biting ito it. The Toad Demon
wails homibly as the life is crushed and tumm out of it
When its work is done, the serpent fades min
nothingness, asif it had slithered away to another
plane. Remove its name from your list of alles on
your Adpenture Sheet
'The Dai-Oni bellows im cage, "K'rllk, slay the man-
thing! And the Mantis Demon scutiles fonvard. If
vou are now without allies, turn to 266. Otherwise
which ally will you send against it (use only those
still noted on your Adzenture Sheet
'The Ki-Rin Tum to 278
The Phoenix' Turn lo 320
Kleanor the Enchantress2 Tum to 330
239
The water rises laster and faster and still the bul-
rushes march an across the featureless expanse ot
fem. You ure forced to swim, but after swimming
many. miles you are utterly exhausted and sink
quietly beneath the sirface ta drown
230
You min into the palace and down a long comer
231
and soon find yourself lost in a maze of corridors
and rooms, mostly emply except for servants and
slaves, who stare at you in amazement, On round-
ing 4 commer you are greeted by a sight that causes
you tu stop dead in your tracks. You have almost
bumped into Lord Tsietsin himself, waddlng down
the conidor, a Samurai at either side. Lord T'sietsin
isa large fatman with great blubbery jaws and a face
wreathed in fal. Two pig-like eves flare in outrage
He wears a voluminous kimono, bedecked with an
enonmous tobe, adorned with gold leaf. He is quite
openly wearing the hat indicating the title of Sho-
Tsietsin gasps in fear as he recognizes you, sisnals
to his guards and lumbers away. The Samurai draw
their blades, bow and then cush to the attack
Moichi darts forward and engages one. You must
fight the other
BODYGUARD SKILL STAMINAS
If you wan, turn to 354
231
Unfortunately you have no brimstone with which
vou can attack of scare the monsters. They ate
forcing: you back to the river-hank. Your sword
flashes through the air, creating the illusion of a
Magcal barricr of blades, but at last one of the
creatures gets through your guard. You are knocked
to the ground and dragged into the river. You have

--- PAGE BREAK ---

232-234
fallen into the clutches of the Kappa, from which
there is no escape-
232
With tivo swift and accurate shots you have billed
both Shikome, who slump silenily before the palace
#ales, Maichi's jaw drops in amazement, 'Such
skill, you are truly a master of the Way of the Bow
and the Sword, my lord!' This time you can detect
na sarcasm in his voice: Quickly you race into the
palace as quietly as possible, inte 2 maze of empty
corriders and rooms, Purn te 230
233
The scaly green monster's yellow eyes ghint with
evil intelligence as you unsheathe your sword and
lake a pace back from the green depths, If you have
the skill of Iayjutsu, turn to 457. Othenvise if pro-
duces a strong net from below the surface with
which if tries ta trap your sword just as you lange
Roll bye dice and add 2 to the score because you
may lose your footing on the treacherous slime. lf
you score less than your 5k11-1, turn lo 172 if vou
score equal ta or higher than your SKILL, tum ta
17
234
Yau put the anctent horn to your lips and blow an
earshattering blast that echoes across the plam_The
Hiuer stops abruptly, Then it pads slowly lowards
you, in an attitude of curiosity rather than huneer
235-237
Tet as tall as you are, but all it dos is lick your face
alfectionately. You get the impression it thinks you
are somebody else, presumably the orinal awner
of the horn. But all that is lost in legend. For now
you know it will be waiting to aid you ut the Place of
Battie. Note this on your Adventure Sheet. The tiger
looks at vou with unnaturally intellipent ayes as you
step back through the door te the Hub, Return to 8
and choose again, but not an option vou have
already tried
335
singing Death cuts mto Tkine's side and he hisses
with pain. A jagged bolt of lightning leaps from the
sword blade ard intu Tkina's cowled face. Thereis an
almighty thunderclap, the black munesword dis-
appears and lkiru is destroyed utterly. No vestige of
his being remains in the chamber. Turn to qoo
236
The bow-shots are accurate and deadly. In the space
of a few seconds you have slain the two Shikome
without a sound. You sprint forward and into the
Palace - there is no time to recaver your arrows
'lum ta 158
237
The journey through the Longhills is easy and with-
in fwo days you reach the valley of one of the
mibutaries of the great Hiang-Kiang river. The air is
alive with the twittering of song-thrushes as you
walk down a rolling green hillside towards the river

--- PAGE BREAK ---

238-239
There is a road with white-topped milestones. at
intervals that runs straight towards the river and
you decide to follow it. Timm to 227-
238
You step forward, draw your sword and hack off the
villainous Samurai's head in one fuid motion. 'It is
all he deserved for betraying the Shogun and tum-
ing to a life of burning and killing," the headman
savs. The other villagers thank vou for aveting out
their idea of justice and they give vou another gift-
six Gold Pieces. After a small celebration you take
your leave and head back to the main ruad. Tum
bo 24
239
The bowel-raker whistles through the air and buries
itself in the youth's side. He screams and doubles
up inagony then coughs and twitches spasmodical-
ly. The wickedly barbed arrow has wounded him
badly and: he scrabbles at the shaft in an effort tp
drag the quel head from his flesh. Onc of his fricads
bends to help and the poor youth screams hormbly
again as the head is jerked frec. A torrent of blood
flows from the gaping wound. The barbs are de-
sipmed to prevent easy extraction ol the arrow and
they have severed vital arteries. The young lad dies
ina poal of blood and there are cries of rage from the
other charcoal-burners, One drags the moistened
turf off one of the maounds, letting out billowing
smoke and flames, others seize staves, meaning to
du battle. Will you flee (turn to 269) or fight (turn to
281)7
240-241
240
The arrow whistles pasts Samurai's neck. He jumps
up in surprise. You try lo duck cut of sight, but he
spots you and cries a waming. Several of the traitor-
ous Samurai tum at his shout and three of them
spring towards you. One recognizes you and says
'The Shagun's - sorry, the et-Shagun's champion
Kailthe mangy, flea-ndden goat!' They come at you
im a rush, wildly brandishing their swords. You
must fight them all at once, If you have the skill of
RKarumijutsu, you may subtract 1 from all their
Attack Rolls for this combat only, as you jump and
leap over them, trying to dodge their blaws
SKIL. STAMINA
Rrst SAMURAT 6 Fa
Second SAMURAI 5 8
Third SAMURAI 7 6
if you kill all three of them, turn to 154
242
Ginsei grins murdecrously as his katana hisses from
its sheath. 'The Shogun's champion. Strange that
one su young can be the Shogun's finest sword. It
must be that only cowards and babes in arms are so
foolish as to pander to that broken reed Hasekawa. I
challenge yen to single combat, tu the death.'-4e
knows that you canmot let such insults pass
must kill him. He is armed only with his." Oy
you have the skill of Taijutsu and wish ** "he
t.275. If you have the skill of Kyui
use rt, frm to 289. Otherwise tr cate

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ZZG-259
There is a road with white-topped milestomes at
intervals that nuns straight towards the tiver and
you decide to follow it. Turn te 227
238
You step forward, draw your sword and hack off the
villainous Samurai's head in one fluid motion. 'Il is
all he deserved for betraying the Shogun and turm-
ing to a life of buming and killing,' the headman
sais. The other villagers thank you for meting aut
their idea of justice and they give you another gift -
six Gold Pieces. After a small celebrabon vou take
your leave and head back to the main road. Tum
th 2g
239
The bowel-raker whistles through the air and buries
itself in the youth's side. He screams and doubles
up in agony then coughs and twitches spasmodical-
ly. The wickedly barbed arrow has wounded him
badly and he scrabbles at the shaft in an effort to
drag the cruel head fromm his flesh, One ofthis Mmends
bends to help and the poor youth screams homibly
again as the head is jerked free. A torrent of blood
flows from the gaping wound. The barbs are de-
signed to prevent easy extraction of the arrow and
they have severed vital arteries. The young lad dies
ina pool of blond and there are cries of rage from the
other charcoal-burners. One drags the moistened
trl off one cf the mounds, letting out bilknving
smoke and flames, others seize staves, meaning to
do battle. Will you flee (tur to 269) or fight (turn to
281)7
240-241
240
The arrow whistles pasta Samurai's neck. He jumps
up in surprise. You try to duck out of sight, but he
spots you and cmes.a warming. Several of the traitor-
cus Samurai turn at his shout and three of them
spring towards you. One recognizes you and says
'The Shogun's - sorry, the ex-Shogun's champion
Rill the mangy, flea-ridden goat! They come at vou
in a tush, wildly brandishing their swords. You
must fight them all at once. If you have the skill of
Keramijutsu, you may subtract 1 from all their
Allack Rolls for this combat only, as you jump and
leap aver them, trying to dodge their blows
SKILL STAMUNA
First SAMLIR AI 6 7
Second SAMURAI 8 8
Third SAMURAI Gi 6
Tf yoru kill all three of them, turn to 154
241
Ginsei grins murderously as his katana hisses fram
it: sheath. "The Shogun's champion. Strange that
one 20 young can be the Shogun''s finest sword. It
must be that only cowards and babes in arms are so
toolish.as to pander to that broken reed Hasekawa. I
thallenge vou to single combat, to the death." He
knows that you cannot let such insults pass, You
must kill him. He is armed only with his katana. If
rou have the skall of Taijutsu and wish to use it, turn
to 275- If you have the skill ol Kyujutsu and wish to
use IL, lun to 289. Othemavise tum bo 301

--- PAGE BREAK ---

242-244
The animated skeletons are heaving themselves on
to the bridge. H you have the skill of Karumijuixe
and svish ta sprint forward and attempt to leap over
the undead: Samurai lo the other éide of the tiver
turn ti 262. TF not, or you do not wish to try it, the
skeletons charge at you. Turn to 358
245
You dip the silver ewer into the pool untilit is full te
the brim and then close the lid. Nolte it on your
Adware Sheet: Taking the chalice, YOU pour a drop
from the ewer and sip it carefully. Knowledwe
lloods your being; fora moment it is as if you were a
god, for you have partaken of the Waters of Knove-
leclge. Add a to your LUCK forthe knowledge of the
gods. The Enchanted Garden begins to ripple all
around you like a mirage and then it fades away
You find yourself standing on a goal-irack al the
foot of a mountain, unmistakably one of the Shios'ii
range, [kiru's stronghold lies above, 2o you begin to
ascend. Turin &
244
One of the arrows buries itself in one of the Shi-
kome's eyes, killing it instantly; the other thwacks
into the palace wall, The remaining guard watls im
fear and surprise and the alarm goes up. All hell
breaks Jouse and the castle swarms with Sannirai
and Shikome in seconds. You try to escape, but an
soon spotted and are buned under wave of atiech-
ets. Moichi is slain out of hand, but they take you
Z45-240
poscmet, making gibes abuut the Shogun and his
champion as they do so - they plainty know who
you are. You are filled with sorrow at the logs of
your loval retamer
Youare unceremoniously thrown intoa small cellin
the palace dungeon. The gaoler, a large beefy man
in @ stained leather jerkin, says jeeringly, You will
be t&ken belore the Shogun Tsietsin on the mar-
Tow." He then slams the massive, iron-studded
caken door of the cell in your face
You are alone. They have taken your swords, and it
is thus rather than the crucl gibes and the indignity
of capture that fills yow with shame. Lose 1 Mongur
point for their loss. 'There is nothing vou can do but
wait for the moming, so you lie down on the
wooden palletin the corner and goto sleep. Turn to
316
245
Vhere is no pursuil as you hastily leaye the area of
the ford, but the Shryn's champion is supposed ta
keep the mads and river-crossings of the land open
and safe forthe common folk. You have failed in this
duly. Subtract 1 from your Honour and turn to 263
246
The great serpent, wide as a tree, trics to bite off
your head. You have no choice but to fighril
GREAT SERPENT SKILL10 STAMINA IG
If you win, turn ta 272

--- PAGE BREAK ---

247-248
237
The silver Samurai's voice rings oul across the En-
chanted Garden: 'You are without honour and no
Samurai.' You are soon nearing the twin stefues of
the demon and the captive priestess. The magician
appears again out of thin airand the hvo statues, the
black-skinned, red-tusked demon and the pale-
skinned priestess come to life. She kneels et your
feet imploring you to save her from the Pit of
Oenions, but her captor yanks the chain cruelly and
she is pulled to the floor. The demon throws the
chain at your head and speaks the words of the Spell
of Petrifaction. You are turned to stone in his place
and he is now free. You make a cuiows counter-
puint tothe fallen priestess who is now a slalue once
more. Notuntl another brave advenhirer finds the
scarlet pagoda will you taste hfe again
248
One of the arows buries iself in ane of the Shi-
kome''s eyes, killing itinstantly; the other thwacks
into the palace wall. The remaining guard wails in
fear and surprise and the alarm gocs up. All hell
breaks loose and the castle swanms with Samurai
and Shikome in seconds: You try to escape, but are
soon spotted and are buried under a wave of attack-
ers. They take you prisoner, making gibes about the
Shogun and his champion as they do su - they
plainly know who vou are
You are unceremoniously thrown imtoa small cell in
the palace dungeon. Thé gacler, a large beefy man
240
in 2 slained leather jerkin, says jeeringly, "You will
be ken before the Shesun Tsietsin on the mor-
row. He then slams the massive, iron-studded
deken dowr of the cell m your face
You are alone. They have taken your swords and it
is this rather than the cruel gibes and the indigmity
at capture that fills you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
point for thei loss. There ts nothing you can du bot
wait for the morning, sc you le down on the
wooden pallctin the corterand go tusleep. Turn te
249
fhe path you have taken inta the Spider Fens sinks
wredualhy below the level of the marshes and lakes
high walls of clay holding back the water from the
sunken path. You seem to be making good pro-
gress. You are nearing the southern edve of the
Thang-Kaang estuary. If vou wish to return to the
edge of the fen and chawse another route, tum back
to 17 and choose again. If you wish lo continue to
the estuary, tum tir 93
i
Rt Suleeee
Se eae fi ' és 2 a x FF iy ie "

--- PAGE BREAK ---

3) 8A Liss oe Tee. coil Pee Poe ese 4
17 aN +. i ui a We ee oe >
Sy eee Ny : ieee ai
Ee os ie, ; Put oe
' | " " ay be if a | a ta: } "ee ma oak * =
i q ru aap Ss UL. , aati | Ae
Bi eh i] if. La a DP ge ae Lis pny
il A f ie Mi, Fos a. et ' oa
1 Sa peer pe yO | noes o
Ee i hip
at 4) J ee
ie SS "7
250=2651
2590
'Teannot slay this Samurai in cold blood,' you say
loudly, and a cry of disappointment goes up from
the villagets. 'But he should pay for his cme!' and
'Revenge, revenge!" they shaut
The captive Samurai sits up in surprise and then
bows low before you and offers you his sword
'Thank you, my lord. My allegiance is to the Shogun
Hasekawa sull in my heart, but Tcould not say thus
in the service of Tsietsin as 1 was. But now T re-
nounce the traitor Tsictsin and pledge my sword ta
you, my lord. Take me as your loval companion.'
Wall you take him with you (tum to 276}, or, if you
think he is lying, tell him to return to Tsictsin (firm
252
The brass key is intricately decorated with carvings
of seTpentine dragons, but there is na clue as to its
use. The parchment, however, is a map af the
Spider Fens beyond the Fhang-Kiang river. lt pur-
ports to shaw a safe route through that forsaken
land and there is a path leading tn a scarlet seven-
tiered pagoda. You stutf key and parchment inside
your boot and explore the woods for a dry resting-
place. Tum to 372-
Scere rece ramet Wie a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

252-254
252
You acl immediately. You grab your sword and
whip it fram the scabbard and across the throai
of the first Shikome in one uid moton. It falls
burbling hombly, dead. The other steps back in
astonislunent and you close in to the attack
SHIKOME GUARD SKILLS STAMINAZ
li you win, burn to aio
253
The old charcoal-burner lakes you along a winding
track that leads to the vales of Kanshuro, where
wooded plateaux are riven by beautiful and peace
fulclales which nestle unseen between cliffs cit inte
the limestone by the rivers which formed them. Ai
dusk you take a path dawn into the Vale of Tinshu
toa small and picturesque village. You Lurn to the
old man to-ask its name; bot he has fallen to the
ground. You try to rouse him, but his heart has
stopped. Tle 1s dead. Turn tas
254
You will have to lace i alone. The toad Icaps for-
ward and a mighty battle ensues. You manage to
slay Graalsch the load, and even the miantis, but at
the end you are toa weak. The Bronze Man comes
forward and lears you limb from limb, while the
Dai-Om laughs mockingly. Your adventure ends
here
255-256
255
You dryp your shoulder and barge into onc of the
monsters, then knock it off balance with the flat of
your sword. A shower of water pours from the
follow basin in the top of its head. It clutches ils
claws to its head, makes a sound as if it were
choking or drowning and dives back inte the river
Realizing they use the pool of water on lop of their
heads to breathe, you concentrate on knocking
them off balance so that the water is shed. They are
forced to retreat to the tiver and you are left stand-
ing on the bank, tired bul victories, Turn to 395
fe
256
Tou shoutan order to Moichi. The Shikome start in
Slrpnse and vou both fall upon them. You must
fisht tye, while Moichi deals with the other
SKILL STAMINA
First SHIKOME 8 g
Second SIMKOME a 8
Ifyou have killed them within nme rounds of com-
dat, turn to 336. Otherwise turn to 218

--- PAGE BREAK ---

257-260
257
The trident's tines bury themselves in-your back. If
you are wearing armour, turn to 67. If not, turn to
39
256
What will you do7 Try to touch the serpent with an
anuer, if you have one (turn to 290)7 Blow a hom, if
you have one (turn to 318) Or try tn use the Phoenix
Rubyin some way, if you have il (turn to 328)7 Ifyou
have none of these items, fim to 246
259
The Groundhog moves surprisingly quickly on tt
powerful short legs, but you reach the crest belore it
and look down upon a breathtaking panorama. The
ereat plain of the lower Miang-Kiang Kiver lies
helow you; in the distance is its delta amid the
Spider Fens of Kumo. The Spider Fens are lost
beneath a pall of mist. Knowing that to detour
around the enormous delta would take weeks, you
set out down the gente slope of the valley, leaving
the Groundhog behind. Tum ta 17
The cowled figure is unconcemed: he laughs and
gestures again. Another formless shape of misty
blackness rises from the pit. It forms into a
shadowy semblance of yourself, a sizht that fills you
with fear. But it does not atiack Fou. Instead it
reaches into Four Mund and offers you power
wealth, fame, kingdoms to rule, history fo write
261-263
"All these can be yours if you wall only swear alle-
giance to Ikiru, your master," it whispers in vour
mind. You feel a tenible compulsion ta give.in, the
temptation is 2o greal; you begin to thirst lor power
and wealth. Hf your Tloneur is 5 or more, tam to 27
ifit is fess than 5, Eun Lo 3.24
260
Teeming tain ohsoures your vision as you climb
towards the low hill. The water-level is rising
guickh: you might well have drawned if you had
not taken this path. A= the ground slopes up and
vou leawe the nsing waters behind, you nutice that
all the creatures of the swamp - rats, marsh sala-
mandets and even a giant dragon-newt which
seems loo scared to contemplate gobbling you up-
are racing invards the same patch of hitch wround to
escape the Mood. Turn to 14g
262
You tun forward and leap hish inti the air. Test your
Deck. I Fou are Lucky, tien to 286. lf vou are
Unlucky, torn f 334
Ttts notlong before new dangers take your mind otf
those past. Beyond the valley of the upper Thang-
Kiang River lies a ridge of slate that cuts the skyline
like a saw. You ate nearing the tup of this when the
whole shelf of slate upon which you are standing
eters to tremble. li feels ike an earthquake, as if
the whole of Hachiman has turned to jelly. There is

--- PAGE BREAK ---

264-267
alow cave nearby. You could cawl undemeath the
overhanging rock (turn lo 205). Lf you decide instead
to lie prone where you are, tom ta103
You send the manaway. The villagers thank yau for
saving them, but many of them add, But I wish you
had had the sense to slay thai black-hearted, dis-
honourable Samurai.' After a small celebration, you
take your leave and heed back to the main road
Tum to 24
265
You dash towards the cave, but the Groundhog
intercepts you. You must fight it
GROUNDHOG SKILLS STAMINA 22
If you win, you may enter the cave (turn to 355
266
The Mantis Demon K'rllk hurries towards you, its
forelegs raised to stake. You must fight ihe Mantis
Demon but, because of its chitinous armour, your
blows will only de 1 point of sTamMIna damage if
you hit it (this can be increased to 2 with a Luck
roll
MANTISDEMON sKii8 sTaMINadqn
If you win, turn to 346
267
As soon as you put dawn the key, your one good
268-269
ere stops its roaming, so yoni decide to explore the
woods for a dry resting-place. You may restore 1
SKILL point. Turn to 372
268
You launch desperately into the attack, knowing
they are about to do the same. Within seconds you
have slain one, but the other begins to howl wildly
in fear. In moments the castle is swarming with
Samurai and Shikome. You try to escape, but are
s0on spotted and are buried under a wave of attack-
ers. They take you prisoner, making vibes about the
Shogun and his champion as they do so - they
plainly know who you are
You are unceremoniously thrown tnt a small cellin
the palace dungeon. The gaoler, a large beefy man
in a stained leather jerkin, says jeenngly, You will
be taken before the Shogun Tsietsin on (he mor-
mo." He then slams the massive, iron-shidded
saken door of the cell in your face
You ate alone. They have taken your swords, and it
is this rather than the cruel gibes and the indignity
of capture that Hlls you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
point for their loss. There is nothing you can do but
wait for the moming, so you lie down on the
wooden pallet in the comer and go to sleep. I'urn to
269
Howls of derision float down the breeze as you
hashly put as much distance as you can between

--- PAGE BREAK ---

270
yourself and the peasants. Itis only when vou slow
down through lack of breath that the ignominy of
having fled when you should have been protecting
the honour of the Shogun hits vou. If you-carry on in
this manner you will be utterly without honour and
no longer a Samurai. Subtract 2 Tom your Honour
and continue on your way. Turn to 195-
270
A-lertible thing happens. Out of the body of the
Dai-Oni, a spectral shape coalesces, a ghostly form
of the demon, with insubstantial taloned hands. Itis
a Shura, orwarrior ghost, Lhe spinit of the Dai-Oni
come Lo avenge its death
You must ight the Shura, When it hits you, you lose
STAMINA in the normal way, bul there are ne
wounds; itis draining your strength
SHURA SKILL STAMINASG
Ifyou win, the Shura simply fades away. Turn to 76
ae
> ee 7 pied
pe eee
avi 274
ae
The Legion of the Seventh Seal were the honour
euard of the first Shotun. Their like as warriors has
never been seen again. They were wiped ont when
they refused to surrender (oa force ten-times their
swe frye hundred years ago. The armour 1s of
aechaic desien but the highest quality. As you prise
it free from the rock, the chalcedony flawers break
into crystal drops witha tinkling crash, then youare
struck a heavy blow from behind. Lose zs ramina
points. lf you are still alive, you decide to quit the
chamber as quickly as possible. Tum to 375
Plpy
The dead serpent sinks slowly into the mire. Some
sleek submerged predator slams into the carcass
and begins to consume il as vou watch. There is
nothing else of interest, so you decide to return te
the Hub. Return to 8 and choose again, but you
cannot choose an option you have already tned
273
The ledec is now cracked and has subsided in parts
making the going difficult. At last you-come ta a
smoolh area where you decide lo eal. As you are
Teaching into your backpack the ground starts te
tremble once more. There is another cave rear by
Will you mun inte it (turn to 329), or lie prone again
turn to 385)7
274
The Shadow Demon lunges at you. You. Swing

--- PAGE BREAK ---

275-276
Singing Death in a great two-handed cut. As the
sword connects, it gives a single pulse of blazing
white light. The Demon howls in agony - a distant
faint wail - and its shadowy substence is burst
asunder, shards of blackness fying apart until
nothing ts left. Tum ty 212
Ginsei advances, legs bowed, with the tip of his
sword angled towards your throat. You step for
ward to meet him-in single combat, leaving the
drawing of your sword so late that he is convinced
he-has the advantage. Then you draw the blade and
strike in one fluid motion, faster than the strike of a
cobra. For all your speed, Ginsei too is quick, and he
half parries the cut that would have sent his head
tumbling fram his shoulders, laking the blow in-
stead on his sword-arin. You have wounded him
and reduced his s«ri1by your sudden strike. Blood
runs down over the hilt of his Katana. Now fighton
GINSEITHERONIN sxt1i90©6©|6STAMINA id
If you win, him to 399
276
"Thank you, my lord. You will not resretit,' he savs
quickly. The villagers begin to disperse, darkly mut-
tering things like 'Theyre all the same!' As you head
back to the main road, he tells you his name is
Yordtsume Motchi, and that you can call him
Muoicht
wit
You travel north, your Samurai retainer chatting
incessantly about his family and his life history, sv
much so that you begin to resret your decision. Al
last he falls silent when you round a low hill tu see a
fortified castle abenat half a league from the road. 'lt
is the fortress of Lord Isielsin the traitor, my lord,"
saves Moichi quietly. Will you press on with vour
mission (lum bo 288), or decide that the benour of
the Shogun must be upheld and toy to enter the
casie and slar the traitor (turn lo 400}7
277
You caper up and down, making strange sounds
and gestures, but the scaly green monsters are
unimpressed. They are forcing you back to the
fiver-bank. Your sword flashes throush the air, as a
magical barrter of blades surremmded vou, but at last
one of the creatures pets through vour guard. You
are knocked te the sround and dragged into the
river. You have fallen into the clutches uf the Kappa
from which there is nu escape
tt
a % az ; 3 | Feo
fads =|: eRe 5" See phos an

--- PAGE BREAK ---

298-a8a
278
The Fi-Rin takes to the air, tts honts flashing wath
fire. As it swoops to the atlack, the Mantis Demon
waits stock-stll At the last moment, its head lashes
forward with blinding speed and bites off the head
of the Ki-Rin, whose decapitated body fells aut of
the sky and then fades out of existence as if it had
never been, Remove its name from the hist of your
allies on your Adveniure Sheel. The Mantis Demon
barely pauses before scuttling tawards you. If you
are now without allies, tum to 266. Othenvise
which ally will you commit now (use only those
listed on your Advenlure Skeel
The Tatsu7 Turn to 204
The Golden Company' Tom 4) 304
The Phoenix2 Turn to 420
Eleanor the Enchantress: Tum i 330
279
The path winds tortuously on and the rain becomes
torrential. Aftera time the water-level begins to rise
rapidly until you aré knee-deep in walter and the
route the path takes can only be guessed by facing
lines between the scrawny bulrushes that grow up
on either side of it. Will you forge on {hum to 229), or
try to find the route that leads to the low hill you
recently passed (fun to 181)2
260
You step over the bodies of the Shikome guards and
into the palace. Turn to 158
281=282
281
You place your back against a tree, as a cloud of
smoke obscures your vision and causes you to
cough hombly and your eyes to smart. You force
them open as two of the charcoal-bumers attack
They have gained the mitiahive and can attack twice
in a row before you can strike back. Your first twa
Attack Rolls count only as attempts to parry: you lo
not inflict any loss of sTaAmMINa if you win
SKILL STAMINA
CHARCOAL-BURNER 6 10
CHARCOAL-BURNER F q
IE you ball the first of your attackers without being
hurt yourself, turn to 347. IF you have heen wound-
ed by their staves by the time you have killed one of
them, tim to 365
282
He opens the doorand walks tawards where you lic
huddled on the pallet. He leans over you. Suddenly
you heist around and dnve your fstathim. Hereels
back in surprise. You must light the gacler, but
deduct 2 from your sKitt.as you do nat have your
awourds. 5
GAOLER SKILL # STAMINA
If you kill the gaoler in four combat rounds or less
turn to 308. If it takes five or more rounds, turn to

--- PAGE BREAK ---

283-284
283
Your feet slide across the slime and you are on the
brink of disaster when one of your feet catches
against the shell of a giant water-snail and You
revain your balance so that youcan teeter to the far
bank, just as anuther of the scaly green monsters
rises front the depths. Turn to 297
You gather your legs beneath you and leap high into
the air, the vears of training in this art enabling you
to achieve heights many think impossible. tis just
enough Lor you to catch at the balilements and, like
a shade, vou slide over the wall mto the castle
Quickly you hide behind a stable
Across the castle courtyard is a square stone keep
with pagoda-like reols and carved gables, the palace
of Lord 'I'sietsin. But it is the two palace guards
flanking the dovrs thal really draw your attention
They are Shikome, vile humanoid beings. bat harry
ag apes, and with claws, langs and homble snouted
faces. They are dressed in dirty and tattered immta-
tions of Samurai armour, although their weapons
seem in excellent condition. The presence of Shi-
kome can only mean that Tsietsin is in league with
Ikiru, Master of Shadows. Tsielsin wall be in the
palace, and it seems even more important than
before to slay him
When it is late evening, you decde to act. If you
have the skill of Kyujuisu, you can try to kill both
the uards as swiftly as possible with two single
28s
bow-shots (tum to 46). vou cannat, orda not wish
to use this skill, you can walk casually towards them
and then suddenly attack (turn to 64), walk forward
and say you have an important message for Lord
Tstetsm (firm fo 84) or simply stride forward as
authoritatively as possible, salute and walk into the
palace as if they were not there (turn to 10
285
The track you have taken winds tortuously through
the mire until you have lost all sense of direction. If
you wish to return to the edges of the fen and
choose another route, go back to 17. If instead you
gait on ey
pi f I Sale | et - J
» . po , Lan" kg fees, a
oe ee
gee an aa fe

--- PAGE BREAK ---

26-287
You fly over the undead warior and land nimbly on
the ather side. The sky is suddenly lighter. Tuming
around you see to your surprise that the Samurai is
no longer there, nor are te skeletal warriors: The
river flows cleanly and is untainted. Leaves swarl
about the bridye ina soli breeze. You decide nol to
linger, 50 you continue on the road. Tum to 2711
285
You cannonin your blindness into the doorpost, but
the feel of soft turf underfoot and the wind un your
cheek coaifirm that you have made it oul of the
hovel. After afew minutes, during which vou dono
more than nsk a dozen faltering sieps, one of your
eves paps back into place. You can see agam, but
with only one eve vou cannol co-ordinate your
swoard-stvukes, and at imes your vomd eye rolls
aroundatrandom making you virtually blind again
Subtract 2from your sxt1.1. Tf yc wish to leave the
key and the parchment which brought such bad
luck, fur to 267. [f you scrubnive them as best you
can, turn te 252
283-289
ae ESS p- ee -. pe : oes
288
You continue on your way, and Muichi's rooud
lightens. He keeps talking and, although imitating
he seems a simple fellow who honourably follows
the Way of Bushido closely. Presently the road
quives between two steep, wooded hills, ancl you
and Moichi walk om tough the pleasant valley
Test your Lick. If you are Cocky, turn to 106. If you
are not, turn to 120
289
As Gmeer advances, lees bowed, bus sworc-tip
angled towards your throat, you notch an arrow to
your bow and let fly. Ginsei's blade is a blur of
motion as he cuts the arrow in two, knocking the
head aside just before it pierces him. He sri¢ers
malevolently. "So you light like an ashigaru, a
peasant saldier. T care nothing for your underhand
tricks." You have used your bow against a man
anmed only with a sword whe has challenged youte
single combat. You are dishonoured by your unfair
action. Subtract 1 ftom vour Monaur. Turn bt 407

--- PAGE BREAK ---

290
+
4 op Zuo ee
Soe a cae =
- itm -* ha : 28 a
je
290
The serpents head arcs dawn towards you, but you
dodge aside and rap il smartly with the antler. The
effectis startlins. A pulse of magical energy Aows
through you. The serpent and the antler abrupthy
clisappear ina flash of blue light. In their place lies a
thin rod of dark wood. Around it writhes a stylized
serpent, carved mty the wood. You pick it up -
power flows through it - and pocket it. Note it on
your Adventure Skeet. You burn and step thriuagh the
door, hack to the Hub. Return to Sand choose again
but you cannot. choase an optun you have ted
already
tase peace aeach is Pack ees 7 eae
291-2g2
2g1
Your sword has been making no impression an the
steely silver skin of the Samurai. Your brow drips
with sweat, If you wish to flee and try to take the
path which leads to the statues of the priestess and
the demon, turn to 247. If you refuse to let your
honour be tarnished through flight, turn to 81
You must fight the Dai-Oni. Whenever it hits you
you lose 2sTAMUN a points asin nonnal combat, but
also roll one extra die: if the result is 1 ar 2, tum to
90; if the resultis 5 or 4, tum to 102; if the reset is 5
or é, firm to i18
DALONI SKILL 10 STAMINA LO
If you win, torn fo 74
ba a es
See Ro

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i
ee ere j
ag Pe i Si cor- Ty ; a! >
eS Pa Se ae a
ocean oe neh Mae
ey A = a ie ieee + ha
ch © cae ae "Sie See
' s) eu ' Fy
i ed Se = 1
'. sae * ( \ s mh rae Fa '4 =
SS SS eateey BESS ois hey i '
i a 4 4, - up: a 3 8
I 5 ha fe uP Cah ri em | i =
5 > re Nd J pa eine te
os ab r 4 rd | ij
imet my ff <q! yl oe!
P ee eee len ry hh 1
a -= - = j
'a i: SES oa Tee
= Sane 2 Cee
293-294
293
As you stride forward menacitgly, several of the
peasants break and flee deep into the woods. Seeing
that they have been deserted by their comrades, the
others thoow down their staves and follow suit. Hf
vou feel that you have done enough to protect the
good name of your lord, you may continue on your
way (fam to 195). LE vou are determined to teach
them a lesson, farn to 332
204
the Tatu gallops into the air and dives straight at
Erik. Justas the Mantis Demon tears back to strike
the Tatsu breathes a stream of flame from its mouth
that eneulls the Mantis Demon, which burns like
straw and is reduced to ashes within seconds. The
Tatsu turns to you, 'Farewell, manling, and good
fortune: I must leave you now.' With that it rides
away Into the skies. The ghostly crowd seems to
applaud as if from 2 great distance. The Dai-Oni is
almost apoplectic with rayre-
'Kill, Gargantus, kill!' he screarns, and the huge
bronze goat-man lumbers forward. If you are now
without allies, tum te 364. Otherwise which ally will
you commit now (use only those listed on your
Adveniure Sheet): the Ki-Rin (tum to 382}, or the
Golden Company (turn to 198)7
oe ft

--- PAGE BREAK ---

295-298
295
As you reach the crest, a vast panorama opens up
The great valley of the lower [iang-Kiang River lies
below you, In the distance lies its delta amid the
Snider Fens of Kumo. The Spider Fens are lostin a
pall of mist. Knowing that to detour around the
enormous delta would lake weeks, you set of dawn
the rentle slope of the valicy. lurn to a7
296
He ignores your moans of pain and moves on
waking other prisoners, sliding black bread and
stale water through flaps in the doors, Presently he
returns and opens your cell door. But this time he
has three soldiers with him. Will you pretend to
have been wounded and then suddenly attack them
carn te 370}, ur pretend to have been wounded and
when they have taken you out of the cell, grab a
weapon and try to run away (turn to 3480)7
207
You take up a defensive position near the far bank of
the river, as several more of the scaly green mons-
ters rise dripping from the depths and converge on
you. Tf you have the skill of Karumijutsuand wish Lo
try to leap over their heads to safety, tum to 35- If
you decide to stand vour ground and fight it oul
turn to 13. lf instead you surrender, turn to 3
298
You skirt the pit and walk towards the throne
holding Singing Death in front of you. As you near
299
it the shadows fall back, unable tu resist the power
af the sword. Thue that stray too clogze are instantly
vaporized by its touch. Lurn to 121-
299
Inside, the scarlet pagoda is clean but bare, except
for a mirror in a screen before you. You reach
forward to touch it and itseems to absorb first your
hand and then the whole of you. Befare you know
what is happening you are standing in the most
beaulilul garden you have everscen. Atits centre is
an cmamental pond inte which bubbles a crystal
clear spring. Several winding paths lead from the
point where you stand te the pond but the most
interesting thing about the garden apart from the
Gowers and dimbers, which are a riot of coleur: are
the slatues
There are five magnificent statues in all, The nearest
one on the lett is af a silver Samurai; the nearest on
the night comprises 2 young priestess knecling
%
- F. : ' : pa tae 2 eGeer =

--- PAGE BREAK ---

300
dawn avith a temble demon behind her, who holds
a chain that is fastened around her neck She is
marked with a dragonfly tattoo on her bared shoul-
der, Separate paths lead to these statues and
beyond them, are two still more tcarsome slone
colossi. One is of Hammurabi, the Lord of Flies, m
the form of a sizantc dragonfly. The other is of the
dreaded Sea Dragon, which nses from its pedestal
like a waterspout. Turn to 137
300
Gain 1 Honour point for your brave decisian
Moichi's face falls when vou tell him, but then he
says, "Well, my lord, | suppose that is the honour-
able thing to do. ] know a hidden postern gate at the
rear of the castle and the password - we can gam
entrance there with ease, if you will allow this
humble warnor to lead sucha one as you, 0 ouighiy
lord.' He bows low. You cannot quite tell whether or
not Moichiis being sarcasticin his praise of you, but
you tell him to lead on anyway. He smiles roughly
and leads you by a roundabout route to the rear of
the castle where it nestles against the foothills of the
southern Shios i Mountains. You wait until might
fall before approaching the hidden gate. Moichi
walks up toa section of the walland knocks onit A
slat opens.and twoeyes, glittering in the moonlight
stare out. "Who goes there> a voice hisses. 'Tt is I
Moichi. We have returned from a nieht patrol on
Lord 'I'sielsin's personal orders. The password ts
"Cherry Blossam™.' With thai, the door slides open
301-302
allowing you and Moichi to step in. Without a word
vou drive your fist into the surprised guard's face
The guard falls without a sound. Turn te 136
301
Ginsei advances, legs bowed, with the tip of his
sword angled towards your throat. You meet him in
single combat
GINSELTHERONIN skitito SSTAMINA16
If you win, torn to 490
302
You must fight them both
SKUrt STAMINA
First SAMURAI ; 9
Second SAMURAI & lng
If you kill them both, turn to 310
Piet! Soy Se ae z

--- PAGE BREAK ---

303-305
303 j
Both of your eyes roll up inte your head, making
you completely blind; then-one rolls back inti place
and you can make outa large brass key beneath the
puppet and some creased and greasy parchment
'Taking both key and parchment, vou throw the box
outside and feel yourway to the door of the hovel as
your eves rall up into your head once more. Tum to
287
304
The knijzhts of the Golden Company utter a battle
try and charge forward with military preceion
However, their weapons, straight swords and
maces, make little impression on the chiinous
armouref the Mantis Demon. K'rilk lays aboutitselt
with ferocious accuracy, each super-fast dart of its
head biting a knight in iwo. Within momenis they
are all dead. You stand aghast at its homble power
Remove the knights from the list of allies on your
Adventiire Sheet, Erik tams upon you and scutiics
forward. TF you are now without allies, turn to 266
Otherivise svhich ally vall you commit now (usc
only those listed on your Adventure Sheet): the Tatsn
turn 10 294) of the Ki-Rin (tum to 278)7
395
You have slain the Groundhog. You try on the
armuur: it isa good Gt, and you may add 1 to your
SKILL While wearing it. There is nothing else here
su you climb to lhe crest to see what lies beyond
Turn to 295
306
306
4 troop of fifteen riders appears on the mad ahead
of you. They are wearing blue and green lacquered
battle armour and you recognize the symbol embla-
zoned on a banner one of them bears. Thev are
samurai of Lord Tsietsin. At the sight of you, they
Spur their horses into a charge, ome af them shout-
ing. 'li's the Shugun's lackey - take fim! There is
nowhere to min to and soon they are upon you. You
stuggle mightily, slaving three of them and
wounding several more. but there are tae many and
sOon YOU are securely benind and strapped over a
horse's back. "Lord [sietsin will be pleased with this
hittle catch, ane of them equips
They take you to the castle you passed on the rad
You ate led into the courtyard, where many of Lore
Tsietsin's Samurai retainers pather around to laugh
and mock you. You are unceremoniously thrown
mito a smull cell in the palace dungeon. The vaoler, a
forge beefy man in a stained leather jerkin, says
jecringly, "You will be taken before the Shapun
Tsietsin on the morrow.' He then slams the mass-
ive, iron-studded, oaken door of the cell in your
You are alone. They have taken your swords, and it
is this rather than the cruel gibes and the indignity
of caplure that Alls you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
Point tor their loss. Phere is nothing you can do but
wait for the moming,. so you lie down an the
wooden palletin the corner and pote sleep, Turn to
316

--- PAGE BREAK ---

307-309
307
The bravest of the charcoal-bumers, four tough-
looking weather-beaten men, charge you together
brandishing their staves. You must ight them, but
you wisely back up agains! a tree, so that only two
can assail you at once
SKILL STAMINA
First
CHARCOAL-BURNER 6 ra
stoond
CHARCOAL-BURNER 7 9
Hf you kill the first of vour aitackers without being
bure, tum to 347. If you have been wounded by the
time you have killed one of them, twen to 365
308
Your last blow lays out the panler. Without hestst
ing, you run out of the cell. You are in 2 long
cell-lined, tarch-lit commdar that stretches mio dark-
ness to left and right. Will you turn lefi (turn to 344
or right (tum to 356)7
399
Alter another half a day, during which you make
slow but steady progress, only occasionally step-
ping off the path into the mire, it begins to rain. The
mist thins until a low hill in the middle of the fensis
revealed a few miles to the east. A small path
diverges from the path you are on towards it. Will
you lake the path that leads to the hill (tum to 261
or press on (turn to 279)2
410-312
310
Sheathing your blade, you spring after Lord Tsict-
sin. Soom vou have caught up with him, justin ime
to see him ducking throuyh a black and gold lac-
quered door. You follow, and burst into a large
nichhy decorated room, with a black and gold lac
quered chest in one corner. Tsictsin, gibbenng in
fear, has raised a trap-dawr in one corner of the
room. When he sees that vou will reach him before
he can manoeuvec his vast bulk down it, he falls to
his knees before you. Twn to 1768
You clamber on toa messy mound near the far bank
of the river as several more of the scaly green
memsters rise dripping from the depths and con-
verge on you. If vou have the skill of Karumijutiu
and wish to try to leap over their heads ta safety
turn to 35. If you decide to stand your pround and
fightitout, tum to 213. lfinstead yon surrender, turn
3Iz
You walk forward and cast the sword into the pit
Thiru leaps up and cies, "No, don't.' His voier is like
the rustle of leaves. As the sword disappears from
sight. the hall begins to shudder. The shadows
around Ikiru beein to shred and break up. His
throne besins to crumble and a keening wind
rushes through the hall. [t strikes Tkiru and begins to
Tp him apart. He is scattered like chaff and des
toyed. Everything begins to crumble about youand

--- PAGE BREAK ---

313
the pit falls in on itself, burying Singing Death. Yen
manage to escape the destruction and although you
have slain [kiru, Singing Death is forever lost in the
nether regions
When you return to Konichi, the Shogun thanks
you, but sinks into a prim depression. Without
Singing Death, Hachiman begins to collapse asa
state, Rebel lords break away and barbarian raids
soon become full-blown invasions, often allied to
local rebel lords. Itis in one of these campaigns that
you are slain, trving to defend your nation. But itis
all to no ayail: Machiman sinks into a new dark age
and ultimately vou have failed
313
Your feverish tearing loosens the fastenings of each
piece of armour one by one, and they drift into the
depths. At last you break the surface and throw
your swords to the edge of the poul before dimbing
out, Luckily the well-shalt opens out on toa natural
water-filled cave and there isa ledyc just above the
water-level. By fecling around in the darkness you
locate a tunnel which you decide to explore. Your
armour is Inst in the depths of the pool: until you
find another suit ta fit you, all weapons will do 4
STAMINA poutts of damage every time you an: hitin
combat, instead of just 2. Turn to 363
Se -
3147317
314
Will vou press on down the road and try ta skirt past
Tsietsin's home without being spatied (turn to 338
or decide that the honour of the Shogun must be
upheld and try to get into the castle and slay Lord
Tsietsin {tum to 450)7
345
If you have the skill of Kyujutsu and wish to try to
scare them off with a humnaung-bulb arrow, tum to
21. Otherwise you try a swing with your sword as
the nearest of the monsters altacks. Turn ta 53
316
Thin arrows of sunlight penetrate your dark cell
from the small window the next day. You awake to
the sound of a rattle at your cell door, Itis the gaoler
'Wake up, you dog," he cries. 'I shall be coming to
fake vou to Tsietsin sucn! Peis about to move on
Will you moan loudly as if you were very ill or badly
wounded, hoping he will come in so that you van
attack him (fam. to 20), or wait until he retums (tum
to go)7
a7
The dyke nuns for mile after mile, the product uf an
ancient avilizaton that lived in the delta belore the
etermal mists descended. After a while the map
directs you tu take a path that leads down to the -
shore of the lake, where it forks. One furk Jeads toa
crescent of basalt stepping-stones, great hexagonal
columns of rock, a veritable giant's causeway that

--- PAGE BREAK ---

318-320
leads deep into the mist. The other leads into 2 peat
bog which is Jabellod on the map with a skull
transfixed by a sword, Will you brave the giant's
causeway (turn ta 123). or the bog (turn io 2a7)7 The
ap sugpests that the pagoda lies at the end of one
ofthese, butibis not plain which
318
The horn gives an ear-splittmg blast, which echoes
through the miasmal swamp, bul it is as if uhe
serpent has no ears at all. Tum to 246
319
A circle of ten of the most: venerabletooking
'peasants surround the well outside the headman's
house. They part deferentially to allow you within
their arcle, and the headman, who cames.a nbbon
of office and the headman's medal, inviles you to
stay with them unhl their business is finished
Then, surpnsingly, they ignore you and go on
talking about village matters. Indeed, strangely
enuugh, they seem to be deciding whether or not to
stop planting crops altogether. The western sky isa
blaze of sunset red. Will you leave the village and
walk offinto the sunset (hrm 921), or wait for them
to finish (turn to 155 )2
320
The Phoenix takes to the air and hurtles towards the
Mantis Demon. At the last moment it halis, hover-
ing before K'rilk's threshing jaws. Just as the Mantis
Demon rears back to strike, the Phoenix engulls
320
itself in golden fame. The Mantis cannot stop itself
thrusting forward mtu the fire - and is instantly
consumed. Within seconds it is nothing but ash
The Phoenix sives a cry of tautmph and then scars
skiward and away. Remove its name trom the list of
your alhes. The Dai-Omi is almost apoplectic with
Tage
"Kall, Garzantus, ball!' be serearne and the buope
bruimze goatman limbers tarward. [Ff yau are now
without allies, turn to 364. Otherwise which ally will
you commit now (use only those listed on your
Anventure Sheet): the Fu-Rin (iticn to 362) 07 Eleanor
the Enchantress (hirn to 22)2
2
a
a
Sone
fe Te -
aa
7) =
Ce of a
SS

--- PAGE BREAK ---

eee ed
322
You decline to meet the silver Sarnurai in single
combat. Then you are a man without honour, lower
than a beast which was born without honour and
cannot be dishonoured. You deserve only dishon-
ourable death." You have refused the tme-
honoured challenge of a Samurai to fight in the
name of your lord the Shogun. Subtract 2 fom vour
Honour. The silver Samurai steps fomvard to do
battle; the sun flashing off his skin almost dazzles
you
SILVERSAMURAI Skill 1390 STAMINA 12
If you hit him three times, turn to 292
322
The haitor, Lord Tsietsin, is dead. The honour of
the Showun and of Machiman has been upheid
Gain 1 Honour point for riddins: the tand of the evil
Lord Trietsin, and for killing him in the middle of
his own castle. You look around the room. Mostir it
is tull of omate decoration, but the large chest
catches your interest. You quickly open it. Insideisa
bag of 1a0 Gold Pieces, an arrow and an excellently
crafted suit of Samurai armour, Obviously foo small
for the overweight Tstetsin. You don the armour
and find it is far superior to your own, especially
because it is made out of some unusually heht
metal. Gain 1 SKILL point
If you have the skill of Kyujutsu, you recognize the
amow as being crafted by the legendary master nf
Krujutsu, Teunewarta, who is reputed to have hac
magical powers. It is fetched with white carle
feathers. [t should have the power of dispelling evil
spints. Note iton your Adventure Siteeh
Sudden sounds of shouting and the clash of
Weapons come fram outside. Tsietsin's men will be
here any munute. You dart dawn Ehe open trap-doar
and. close it behind vow. Stairs lead down into
stvman blackness. You varcfully descend: turn to
22
You land on the edge of the pier of rack and then
helplessly rall nto the frathing white waters below
Unfortunately the scaly green monsters have placed
sharpened spikes just below the surlace upon
which you are now impaled. Your anmeur is pierced
inseveral places and you lose 5 stamina points. If
you are still alive, you manage to drag yourself off
the spikes and are washed op on the far bank just
out of the clutches of two of the monsters: Tum to
311. *
i et ">
Leora - Pen ee as J
Moe. et

--- PAGE BREAK ---

3247327
324
You succumb to its lure. "Power and wealth will be
mine, you think ta yoursell and you fall on one
knee and offer your sword to [kiru, saying. 'l am
your loyal slave, O master." The demon he sum-
moned vanishes and lkiru laughs -a sound like the
rustling of leaves. "You fool," he whispers and
orders vou ty kill yourself. You find that you cannot
resist his will and gash open your stomach, te dic int
agony
325
Before you can say a word, one of the Kappa throws
a trident from beneath the waters. Test your Lick, If
you are Lucky, turn te 367. Hf you are Unlucky, tum
ti 373
326
Will you carry on down the road (tam to 362), or pay
a visit to Lord ''sietsin and ask him to help you m
some way (turn to 376)2
327
The chest splinters as it hits the floor and 2 small
metal object spins across the floor, but vou are
outside the hovel ina heinklingand decide to search
the woods for a drv resting-place. Your eyes stop
tolling around in your head quite soon, but one of
them wanders about from time to ime, as1f you had
a bad squint. Sometimes it ralls up into your head so
328-330
that you can't see through it at all. Your swordplay
will suffer until the puppet dragon's curse is lifted
Subtract 1 from your sKILt, then turn to 371
328
You hold up the ruby im front of it, but it takes no
netice and remains intent on making vou its next
329
AS soon as you reach the cave the trembling stops
Sut you decide to enter in case it had presaged a
Tore violent quake. You light-a lorch and see that
the cave is in fact a small grotto filled with pink
chalcedony flowers, like a bed of coral. Lying on top
of the rock flowers is a magnificent suit of lacquered
armour, a little dusty and mouldy but still resplen-
dent m the gold and blue colours of the Legion of the
Seventh Seal. Will you take the armour (turn to 272
Or leave straight away (turn te 37512
330
Eleanor rushes fanward. The Mantis Demon towers
above her, but she puts her hands together and
unleashes a ravening bolt of blue energy. However
incredibly, it coruscales against the Mantis's chit-
nous armour and is deflected to fade into the air
The Mantis whips its head forward, bites into her
and gobbles her up horribly. Remove Eleanor's
Name from the list of allies on your Adventure Sluwet

--- PAGE BREAK ---

331-332
K'rllk hardly hesitates; it scuttles towards vou. If
you are now without allics, lam to 266. Otherwise
which ally will you commit now (use only those
listed on your Adventure Sherl): the Phoenix (bum to
320) o7 the Ka-Rin (tum to 278)7
331
Brandishing your katana, you plunge mtu the wood
on the trail of the impudent youth. He breaks cover
and sprints across a clearing in full view, butas you
turn to follow a trap closes on your shin, splintenng
your greaves and holding you fastina vice-like grip
You fall heavily and stifle a groan. The trap is made
of iron: you might die of thirst before managing to
extricate yourself. Subtract 3 [rom your STAMINA
score. If you are still alive, will you cry out to the
charcoal-burners for help (turn to 37) or he low and
wait (tum to 65)¢
432
The sound of battle bnings more guards and they
dash into the cell. One of them spears you in the
chest and the bload bubbles up into your lungs. You
slump to the dirty foor of the cell, to drown in your
own blaod
333-336
333
The tident's Gines have pierced your armour ancl
broken one of your ribs. Lose 2 STAMINA points, Tf
you are 5Gll alive and wish to leave irunediately
fur to 335. If you drag the trident out of your flesh
and useit to threaten the Kappa, while urving totalk
to them, turn to 367-
334
Your leap did not take you high enough. The ttn-
dead Samurai manages to catch your legs and bring
you tumbling to the ground. You spring to your
feet, but Uve skeletons surround you now. Tum ta
358-
335
There is no pursuit as you leave the Kappa's ford
and if is not long before new dangers take your
tind off those past. Bevond the valley of the upper
Hiang-Kiang lies a ridge of slate that culs the skvline
like a saw. You are nearing the top of this when the
whole shelf of slate upon which you are standing
begins to tremble. lt feels like an earthquake, as if
the whale of Hachiman has turned to jelly. lhere is
a low cave near by: vou could crawl underneath the
overhanging rock (tum to 205). Ifyou decide instead
to ie prone where you are, turn to 103
336
Muicht is wounded, but has killed his opponent
You pause for breath and Moichi grins at yuu happi-
ly. "Well fought, my lord. Itis an honour to fight by

--- PAGE BREAK ---

337
your side." He bows obsequiously. "Enough of this
veiled mockery." you reply. "On to the heart of the
palace!'
You ron down a long comider and sacn find your
self lost ina maze of comndors and rooms, mostly
empty save forservantsand slaves, who stare at you
inamazement. You are rounding a corner when you
are precited by a sight that canses you to pull up
shortin surprise. You have bumped into Lord Tsiei-
sin himself, waddling down the comdor towards
you, a Samurai ateither side. Lord Isietsin is a large
fat man with great blubbery jaws and a face
wreathed in fat. Two pig-like eyes Mare af you in
outrave. He wears a voluminous kimono, adomed
with gold leaf. You notice thal he is quite openly
wearing the hat which indicates the office of Sho-
gun
'T'sielsin gasps in fear as he recognizes you, signals
to his wnaards, turns around and lumbers away trou
yeu. The Samurai draw their blades, bow and dash
fo the attack. Muichi darts fomvard and envapts
one. You must hight the other-
TSIETSIN¢S
BODYGUARD SKILLG STAMINAS&
if you win, tum te 354-
The Groundhe is ike a walking platfonm with 2
broad back and eight stumpy legs. In the middle of
its back a huge slit-lke mouth has opened up and
338-339
the edges, which have tured upwards te all but
envelop vou, have a line of tails with hard balls of
bone at the ends, like living mominy stars. You
draw your katana to give battle, but it will not be
easy. balanced precariously on the Groundhag's
back a5 vou are. Subtract 1 from-vour SKILL score for
this batile only
GROLNDITOG Ser 8 STAMINA 22
ii vou wim, you goon toinvestigate the cave. 'urn lo
You tudee on. The land is less cultivated here
wilder and more overgrown. Seon vou are travel-
ling between bvo wooded hills through a shallow
valley. fesiyour Luck. Lf you are Lucky, tum to 386. If
youare Unlucky, tum ta 306-
339
The winding path crosses many more and eventu-
ally has you completely last in the mist. You pause
thiry to and gel your bearings; then it begins ta cain
even though it is sill misty. It rains hard for hwo
whole days until the water-level has ristn above
your head. There is no escape from the Spider Fens
You swim many miles. but die exhausted
©. emma peas fae

--- PAGE BREAK ---

340-342
340
The Ki-Rin gazes at yoo benevalenily, filling you
with peace and tranquillity, "Your cause is a just
one, mortal, and you are a worthy choice for its
completion. You are of good heart. Because of this
shall aid you, I will be at the Place of Battle, to fignt
with you against the Dai-Oni and his evil allies" Its
voice is lovely to listen to. You are about to thank 1f
when it utters 2 wild cry and takes to the air, leaving
youalone, A doorappears, hanging in the air before
you. You step through it and find yourself back in
the Hub, surrounded by stars and the eight doors
Make a note on your Adventure Sheet that the Ki-Rin
is your ally, Return to 8 and choose again, but you
cannot choose an optian that you have already
tied
341
The silver Samurai steps forward to do battle. The
sun Mashing on his skin almost dazzles you-
SILVERSAMURAT SKILL10 'STAMINA 12
H you hit him three omes, turn te 292
342
You ate away before the guands have reacted, but
when they see where you are going they do not
chast-after you. Saon you come toa room filled with
weapons, clothes and the like. In it you find your
swords, but also that there is no wavy. out. You ane
trapped. You dash back up the comidor, but already
there are more than ten guards waiting for you
43-344
They charge forward. You tight valiantly, slaving
several in the close confines of the corndor, but at
last a spear thrust spills vour guts on to the dungeon
floor and ends your life
343
The flinisy material weighs next to nothing and you
stuff it into your pack before leaving the hut anc
searching the woods foradry resting-place. Turn to
You run left, past-dank and stinking prison walls
There isa shout fromrup ahead -*Hida, is that you!'
-and then a muffled curse and the sound of running
feel a guard is coming towards you. You try to hide
in the shadow of the corridor, but it is too light
However, the sicht of you takes him complctely by
surprise, which allows vou to strike him hard. Tle
Stevers back, but draws his éword ancl comes back
at you, his face a mask of rage and pain. You must
fisht him, Gut subtract 2 fom your SKTLL as vou
hare no swords
GUARD SKILL STAMINAGD
le you win, turn to 88
te NR ee eee eae
'es EN, tage
Aa ee ee "SG B age

--- PAGE BREAK ---

345-348
345
Eyes smarting from the stinging gas which the
Forsaken One gives out when its flesh is puerced
you strugele-on down the tunnel and, mercifully
into the open air low on a hillside near the villape. It
scenis the Rokuro-Kubi have stopped al the undead
corpse of the Farsaken One and you can escape their
village. Addi to your LucK lor surviving them, and
tum ta 397
346
The Mantis Demon lies dead before you, oozing
black ichor. The Dai-Oni anymly shouts, "Gargan
lus, slay the morlal!' And the Bronze Man hambers
towards you. Tum to 364
347
You seem impervious to their blows, and when you
have slain une the others prostrate themselves at
your feet, beg2ing for mercy. You tell them that they
ate fools to think they could harm the Shogun'<
champion. The oldest tells you that if you spare him
he canshow you toa village where you may pass the
night safely. Will you tell him to lead on (hum to
179}. or demand that they swear an oath of alle
giance to the Shogun (tum to 263)7
348
As the Phoenix-draws near, vou fecl a strange
burning in vour backpack. Youreachin and pull out
the Phoenix Ruby. Itis growing hot and radiating a
deep glow that bathes you in reddish light. Instinc-
348
rely, you hold itup. The Phoenix utters another
vald cry and golden flames burst from it, sa that it
becamvecs a fireball for a brief instant. Then itlandsa
litte way irom vou, regarding vou strangely, mem-
branes flicking across the ruby glow of its eves [ront
ime to Gime. [t imparis a message to yeu without
speaking-
'T shall atd you. Look for meat the Place of Battle, ©
bearer of the Ruby." Thenit flies away. Note that the
Phoenix ts your ally. You turn and step through the
door. Return to 8 and choose anather option, but
You cannot choose one you have chosen already
eo * & ae se fi
co Oe ee ee =
FE RPAS

--- PAGE BREAK ---

3497351
349
Youl are nearing the bvin statues of the demon and
the captive priestess. 'The magician appears again
oul of thin air and the two statues, the black-
skinned, red-tusked demon and the pale-=kinned
priestess come to life. She kneels at your feet implor-
ing you ty save her from the Pitof Demons, but her
caplor yanks the chain cruclly and she is pulled tu
the flour. The demon throws the chain at your head
and speaks the words of the Spell of Petufactomn
You are turned to stane in its place and it is now
tree, You make a cunous counterpoint to the fallen
Poestess who is now a stahre once more. Not unil
another brave adventurer finds the scarlet pagoda
will you baste life again
35°
Gain 1 Mionour point for your brave deamon. You
head purposefully towards Lord Tsielsin's castle
As you near it, you van pick out the soldiers ining
the walls from the glint of their weapons in the
sunlight. Will you walk boldly up to the entrance
and trv to bluff your way tn (turn te 374), or skirt the
walls and ty to find a place where you could scale
ther (turn lo 38B)2
352
Your ary misses, but the charcoel-burmers have
taken the hint. [hey meltaway into the woods from
which they cut the materials of their trade. Only ihe
oldest of them stays behind with his son, saying that
aoe
he will show you toa safe place taspend the rughtso
thattt may mot be said thal his family lave dishon-
owed 2 Samurai. Tum hazy
taal 392 nl
The KRiRin eves you distastelully. It gives you a
withering look of contemptand scom before taking
to the air, leaving you alone on the miountain peak
where anicy wind blows upand sheets of rain begin
to drench vou. A door appears in the air in front of
YOU and you sctiec your oppurtunity te escape the
clements by stepping through it. You find yourscle
back al the Hub, surrounded by stars and the eight
door. Rehm to Sand choose again, bul you cannot
choose an option vou have alread y bed
@
a ae nok EE alee
= = S qe iF 33 S
Poe Peak ie WPT PSS
oer. 7 i] : cee os

--- PAGE BREAK ---

3537354
fie p>
Your hands scrabble feverishly at the fastenings of
your armour, but the chill waters sap your strengih
and lack of oxygen causes you tu pass out suddenly
By the ime the Rakura-Kubi start to dine on your
tender flesh you are long drowned
334
Moichi has also killed his opponent, but is slighthy
wounded. Sheathing your blade, vou spring after
Lord Tsietsin, Soon-you have caught up with him
justin time to see him ducking through a black and
Bold lacquered door. You and Moichi follow and
burst into a large richly decorated roam, witha black
and gold lacquered chest in one comer. Tsietsin
gibbering in fear, has raised a trap-door in one
comer of the room. When he sees that you will reach
him hefore he can manoeuvre his vast bulk down tt
he falls to his knees before you
'Spare me, great warrior, please spare me. It was
Ikiru: he forced me to tum against the rightful
Shosnin, fargive me, | shall be his loyal vassal from
now on,' he gabbles, a tissue of transparent lies. As
355
you look down, feeling only contempt and loathing
Isictsin's eyes natrow in cunning malice. His right
hand flicks through the air, A needle-like dapyzer
flies from his hand and mto-your thigh. Lose 3
stamina points. if you are still alive, you stagger
back in surprise, as he Jurches to hia feet, drawing
his sword. "Curse you, you swine.' he cries and
Moichi leaps fornvard and within moments, both of
you have ended Tsictsin's meserable life. Turn to
366
wo
Ad
ee
ar we eee SP
'Ey
355
By the lisht ofa torch vou see that the cave isin facta
small grotto filled with pink chalcedony flowers
like a bed of coval_ Lying on top of the rock flawersis
a Mapnificent suit of lacquered armour, a little
dusty, but sill resplendent in the gold and blue
colowrs of the Legion of the Seventh Seal. The

--- PAGE BREAK ---

355
Legion of the Seventh Seal were the honour guard
of the frst Shogun. Their like as wamniors has never
been seen since. They were wiped out when they
Tetused to surrender toa farce ten tmes their size
live hundred vears ago. The armour is of archaic
design but the highest quality. There is a tmkling
crash as you shalier some of the Mowers in dislodg-
inthe armour, bul you are pleased to see thatit hi
and is miraculously light. You may add 1 to your
SKILL while wearing this armour, thanks to the
Mapicit contains. Vhere is little else in the grotto, so
vou leave and chimb to the crest to see what lcs
beyond. Tum to 295
2 Co : Bae ait ee 3
fag of er se
356-357
356
You run right, past cell doors, The corridor opens
oul into a large square room - a complete dead end
However, it is lined with weapons, clothes, and
ather bits and pieces. To your juy, stacked in a
comer are all your weapons. Quickly you pick therm
up and you feel whole once more. Gain 1 LucK
pomt for reclaiming vour swords. There isa zood
selection of arrows here: if you are a master of
Kyujutsu, you may replenish any arrows you have
lost, up to twelve, or reorganize the types of your
arruws 25 you wish
There is nothing else of interest to you, so you burn
round and run back down the corridor and past
your old cell. Turn 132
b
=) # ae
- 357 »
A split second after your hand falls upon the hile of
your Katana, the head of the mearest monster is
sailing end over end towards the far bank. [ts head-
less torso, still ripping a net, sinks lifeless beneath

--- PAGE BREAK ---

358
the surface, The second monster is still surging
towards the ford, and you just have time to reach
the far bank, teetering dangerously on the green
slime every slep of the way. Tum to 395-
358
There are six skeletons animated by the undead
Samurai, but only three of them can get at you ata
time. You must fight them all at once
SKILL STAMINA
First SKELETON 6 7
Second SEELETON 7. 6
Third SKELETON 7 7
if you defeatthem all, you must fight the next three
SKIL STAMINA
Fourth SKELETON a 6
Fitth SKELETON 6 7
Sixth SKELETON 8 2
if vou defeat these three, fim to 368
Bangs 4 sy
350
' 359
You pingerly remove the chest from the secret cup-
board and set it on the straw-covered floor. Then
using the ip of your wakizashi, you prise open the
clasp, while shielding your eyes against any possi-
ble spray of Mame. The clasp breaks arid the lid dies
open t reveal a puppet dragon, like a jack-in-the-
box. Two clouds of steam jet out from the puppet's
nostnils and bathe your head in orange smoke: It
seems to seep inio youreyes, which itch and start to
roll anand in your head of their own: accord. Will
vou throw down the chest and leave (tum to 327), or
sneak a look at what hes beneath the puppet (burmto
303)"
es ee
' Aas i ae ie fap ae oat =
Ee! 4
F. Es - - £ 7 Ea
oot ae : ag Ae Pe

--- PAGE BREAK ---

360-361
Ae
WA
" nue
Ege upc. ery a
360
The Phoenix swoops dangerously close to you
Suddenly it bursts into flame, becoming for an
instant a golden fireball, and you are singed by its
' flames, Lose 2 $7 amen a points. Lf you still live, will
you fight the Phoenix (turn to 372), or try ta nan back
through the door hanging behind you (turn to 390)7
361
You decide to threaten that you will brmg an anny
of Samurai to kill the Kappa unless they can help in
your quest, The vellow eyes bob up and down in the
gloom, then one ses suddenly to the surface and
throws a sparkling red gem at your fect. 'Tt is our
greatest treasure," it hisses. "(Now Jeave us' The
gem is a muby shaped like a phoenix. A rare treasure
indeed, taken from a nch merchant who tried to
cross the ford a long time ago. Note it on your
Adventure Sheet. The Kappa disappear from view
and you decide to move on. Turn to 335
362-363
362
You trudge om. The land is less cultivated here
wilder and mare overgrown. Soon you are travel-
ing between tyo wooded hills through a shallow
valley. Test vour Lick. If vou are Lucky, turn to 386. [f
youare Unhicky, turn to 396
363
A gniely chattering noise from the well-shaft tells
you that the Rokwro-Kubi are on your tail as you
Sfope your way blindly fonward. Suddenly a slimy
touch makes your face burn. Acid eats into: your
flesh. Lose 3 STAMINA paints. Lf you are still alive
you shrink back im horror. The smell of brimstone is
unmistikable. lt is a Forsaken One - the undead
soul of a wicked man who never received decent
burial and whose spirit has been rejected by the
spint world becauseitis so twisted with malice. You
Thust fight the Forsaken One in the pitch-blackness
Subtract 2 from your skit, because all VOU can see
of itis a ghostly, glowiny, yellow outline
FORSAKEN ONE SKILL 7 STAMINA
you win, lum to 345
Sq eSste Pe Ten a a
SY jee ee ge tha oe
ee Ain a le ae

--- PAGE BREAK ---

364
i
es et =
Be A ge NS
364
His eyes blaze and twin bolts of ruby hight lance at
you. You only just manage toavoid them. Now you
must fight Gargantus, the bronze want Every third
combatround, Gargannis fires ruby-red bolts al you
from his eyes. When this occurs, roll one extra dic: if
itiseven, you have dodged the bolts; ititisodd, you
have been hit and rust lose 4 STAMINA points
CARGANTUS SKILL 9 STAMINA T2
TF you win, the Dai-Oni mutters in anger and
picking up a huge spiked iron club or tetsubo
Ae +p
advances towards vou. Tum fo 292
365-306
365
the frst of your assailants lies dead in a pool of
Blood. but your own blood also stains the green turé
and the peasants see thal vou are not invulnerable
Anotheraltacks you. a hulking brute ofa man witha
wayward black beard, wiw is whitling a firebrand
from one of the charcoal ovens round and tound his
FIRE-WIELDER SKILL 10 STAMINA 14
ff the fire-wielder is shfl alive after Give rounds of
combat, turn to 377. Lf vou wir, turn to 389
306
The traitor, Lord Tsietsin, is dead. The honvur of
the Shogun and of Hachintan has been upheld
Gain 1 Honour point for ridding the land of the evil
Lord Tsietsin, and for killine him in the middle of
his own castle. 'The Shogun is avenged, ax are the
villagers," says Moichi, who rests, idly watching as
MOU SUIVEY the rexam-
Mostly it is full of omate decoration, but the large
chest catches your interest. You quickly open it
Inside i a bag of 190 Gold Pieces, an arrow and an
excellently crafted suit of Samurai armour, obvi-
ausly loo small for the overweight Tsictsin. You don
the armour and find it is far supenor to your uwn
especially because it is made out of some unusually
bight metal Gain 1 LUCK point
If you have the slall of Kyuputsu, vou recognize the

--- PAGE BREAK ---

366
arrow as being crafted by the legendary master of
Kyujutsu, sunewara, who is reputed to have had
magical powers. It is fletched with white eagle
feathers. It should have the power of dispelling evil
spirits. Note iE an your Adventure Sheet
sudden sounds of shouting and the dash of
weapons come from outside. Tsictsin's men will be
here any minute. You both dart down the open
trap-door and close it behind you. Stairs lead down
into stvian blackness. You cautiously descend
Tum to 378
t
d
fa ee ee =
" GA RAT
367-368
Ny
ery
eed Si gay ae
367
The tident catches a low branch and you are able ta
catch it and use it to threaten the Kappa. They
shomk back until their vellow eves are mere yslints in
the green depths. Ifvoudecide tu leave now, turn io
335- If you are determined to speak to them, turn ta
368
The shattered remnants of the skeletons lic strewn
about you. The undead Samurai closes in silence to
do battle for the last time
UNDEADSAMURAL skILLg STAMINA
If you kall it, it falls to the ground and begins to
dissolve. Uhe sky lightens and the redness fades
from the river. Among the remains of the undead
Samurai VOU noatice an ivery horn of fine workman-

--- PAGE BREAK ---

369
ship, inlaid with silver tracery depicting a sabre-
toothed tiger, You pick it up and walk on. Turn to
211
Your perseverance 1s rewarded. An improbable
sieht looms above you im the mist. The scarlet
pagoda seems untouched by time. There are no
damp stains, no rotting, the paint is immaculate. As
you walk up to it, the red door swings open as if
inviting you inside. If you dare tt Goss the
threshold, turn to 299. lf you would rather rehum
and brave the giant's causeway, tam tv 123
' Bir hs egies Z
Shea eel 1 ene
S7OS374
370
You moan in pain, convinangly, and one of the
soldicrs leans over you. Suddenly you launch your
attack, but vou soon lind vou are hard pressed as
Fou de not have your swords. The sound af battle
brings more guards and they dash into the ecll. One
of them spears you im the chest and the blood
bubbles up into vour lungs. You slump to the dirty
floor of the cell, ts drown in your own blood
372
The woods above Ginsei's hovel are quiet and dry
Your repose is undisturbed and you awaken much
refreshed. Restore up to 3 points of lost STAMINA
As the swollen orange sun lifts the morning mists
you must dedde whether to continue due north
through the Longhills (turn to 237), or ta head
north-west towards the villages and dales of Kan-
shuro (tum to 229

--- PAGE BREAK ---

372-374
ot
a2
'The Phoerix does not ty to peck or daw you
instead it tries ta swoup close enough to immolate
itself and bathe you in lames. Fach time it hits you
rell one die and subtract 1 from the result. Thisis the
amount of STAMINA you have lust from the flames
note that you may not lose any 5TAMIN 4 if yen'Te
lucky!
PHOENIX SKILL G STAMINA F
Livow war, turn bo 36
The bident's tines bury themselves in your chest. If
you are wearing armour, him to 333. If mat, turn to
39
You stride up the path as if you owned the castle
The twa guards flanking the doorway regard vou
impassively. You tell them you are ronin, a Samurai
witheut a lord, and wish to join lsietsin. They nod
and one of them knocks on the reat outer doors
and steps in. Shortly, aman ina Kimono sieps out. T
am leratsu, Lord Tsietsin's lieutenant. Please come
with me.' He gestures at lhe door, and you step
through into a large courtyard
374
Suddenly Teratsu shouts, "If vou are renin, then
why did you attack our men at the village" You have
walked into our hands, champion of the Shogun!' A
horde of warriors boil out of the castle's confines like
rats and swarm over you. There are tou many of
them and you are overwhelmed and captured. You
aré unceremoniously thrown into a small cell in the
palace dungeon. The gaoler, a large beety man ina
stained leather jerkin, says jeerinely, "You will be
taken before the Sheyun Tsietsin on the morrow.'
Then he slams the massive, iron-studded, oaken
door of the cell in veur face
You are alone. They have taken your swords, and it
is this rather than the cruel gibes and the indignily
of capture that fills you with shame. Lose 1 Honour
point for their loss. There is nothing you can do bul
wait for the moming, so you lie down on the
wooden pallet in the comer and go to sleep. Turn to
316
a =<. ' £ af

--- PAGE BREAK ---

375-376
375
As you tum to leave, the cave entrance is blocked by
what appears to be an enormous moving boulder. It
is in fact a Groundhog, with a body like an enor
mous slab of rock and eight powerful, shampy legs
Its edges are lined with tails spurting balls of bone al
their nls, like living moming stars. In the middle
of its back is a huge slit-like mouth. There is no-
where Lo hide in the grotto; you will have to aght
GROUNDHOG SKILLS STAMINA 22
TF you win, firm te 305
37°
You follow the track leading te the caste of Lond
Tsietsin.. It winds through oullving familands
where peasants fill the fields. Two senties im cere
monial dress in the colours of Lord lsietsin stand
outside the oaken doors. As you approach, the
doors swing open and a man dressed in a kimono
two swords thnuist through its sash, steps out and
bowa
'Welcome, welcome, champion ofthe Shogun. lam
leratsu, Lord Isietsin's leutenant. Please step im_'
As you enter the courtyard the gates shut behind
you, and more than twenty armed Samurai are
warhng for you. 'Unfortunately,' says Ieratsu, 'Lord
Tstetsin has declared fumself the new Shogun -
Kihei Hasekawais a bumbling fool, as are those who
still follow him.' He signals and the soldiers charge
¥ou. Struggle as you might, there are too many of
them and vou are overwhelmed
You are unceremoniously thrn intoa small cellin
the palace dungeon. The gaoler, a large beehy man
iM a stained leather jerkin, says jeeringly, "You will
be taken betore: the Shogun Isietsin on the mor-
Tow. Then he slams the inassive, iron-staccded
oaken door of the cell in your face
You are alone. They have taken your swords, and il
is this rather than the cruel gibes and the indignit
af capture that Alls vou with shame. Lose 1 Honour
Point for their loss. There is nothing you can do but
wait for tie moming, so you lie dawn on the
wooden pallet in the corner and go to sleep. Turn to
316
377
The battle rages on as the other charcoal-burners
prepare to rain a hail of flaming torches at ¥cur
head. Test wowr Lack. Lf you are Lucky, barn to 4. If
you are Lalucky, tum ta23

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SS -ay Yeas Se
Sf @ ZEB
NG 8 & le '3 . ae ee x Al C4 = j
on 4 are ge ee 1 ¢ = &. 3g
Poe) Bi ee eearen meee
£ iS . & Pe a ors, Per ae 2 2 a
we ll ke
ae aia ae SE Le site en vee =. amen ry
Ceres dw ad ace
gh ie Ee ae gt (ae
my if on aes g a Me ieee : ae an
° Sy IM see = fy ese gt <
ey fo Ce a TO ee a
a i fi: . es LOSE ig Ht a ee eee
LE fy, apple ste Pu Bh, AGN x =
Gr ie a
eo Shae ae See
378
378
The stairs end in a blank wall. As vou begin to push
it sides open. Simultaneously there is a clanging
sound. Stepping through the opening, you find
yourself im a damp and odorous tunnel. On the left
an iron grille has slammed down, cutting you off
from the stairs that climb upward beyond it. You
have no choice but to follow the tunnel towards a
muky-white luminescence at its end. As you and
Muoichi pace forward, a felid stench rises in your
nostils
the smell grows stronger. You come outinto alarge
cavern, Sutffused with a sickly pale light, but the
source of the licht ts for the moment indiscemiuble
Bones, old duthes and rusted weapons are strewn
about. Then you spot it. A huge glowing shape
comes towards you. An enormous gaping maw
lined with teeth rises up ta devour you. Two eyes
massive discs af inscrutable blackness, stare at you
alive with ancient evil, The body, supported by
hundreds of black scuttling legs, is bory and seg-
mented. It isa dirty white colour and it is this that
gives off the pale slow, Itis a Mukade, some sori of
gigantic, forty-foot centipede
fdoichi screams in feat and you step back in asto-
nishment. It snaps its head furward, striking like a
serpent, and bites off Moichi's arm and most of his
shoulder in an instant. He moans faintly and tup-
ples t the floor
The sight of this Alls you with anger and sorrow, but

--- PAGE BREAK ---

= fi
Rai 4
3, ==
= ue id =
' ee rai yale a
it eee = see eae
a oe are oe Ne peat ae 2 =
Vee oe ty a WHS = Fs
3 sj We SoBe cas F 7
=e Coins te C7 ee
oe * it eet Sy rT is) Sere ato ige: AES
" dea ore i da P., ee 4 ae 1g fae bi het =
4 [ z & A cat a ] eee id =e oe
LA ap | Pek § a ', : a so cars
aay 2-42 ae £ fe fs pas '
& + | wall a A fof op : + re Sagi
RP A
a {. .. oe
wel ae ae é he : ars r fey ae - ds pore ta
'afi eh Se are ri Ve Se aa!
1 ee | S
ee sat, a fe
Eran stil gee 7 a ae
- pee Te Sp ae ee
379-380
then il ripples towards you, intent on making vou
ils next meal. Ifyou have the skill of Kyujutsu, and
sill have your bow and arrow, vou may fire twa
arrows before it is upon you. (You willnol be able to
reclaim the arrows if you win the fight. In any case
you must fight it
MURADBE SKILL 7 STAMINA 20
if you win, furn ta 384
379
As you warily tread the path that leads to the statue
of the fabled silver Samurai, the courtly mayician
appears atits side and sprinkles a fine blue dust over
if "Aha, my sporting fellow, our second meeting,'
he says, and he disappears in another pull of
amoke. The Samurai remains chrome silver all aver
butnow he moves and talks. 'Ichallenge you, on the
honour of your lord, to single combat.' Will you
accept (turn bo 347) or decline (turn to 321)2
380
You groan in pain. The aoler says, 'He must have
been wounded yesterday." Two af the guards
roughly lift you to your feet. You slump in their
amms a$ it half-dead and they help vou out of the
ocll. A darkened, cell-lined corndor stretches away
to left and right. Suddenly vou leap inte action and
grab the mearest guard's sword before he can act
Will vou rum left (tum to 392) or nitht (frm to 342)2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

381-342
381
Soon vou are in alow range of hills. You make fest
provresa unl vou are halted by @ sheer clit that
stretches as faras the evecan see, Yourealize witha
shock that you have mistaken your war. You must
retrace your steps to the upper Hiang-Kiang River
and travel on that wav. Aticr another iwodavys you
have found your way agein and are ready to tum
north once more. One of the tributaries of the
Thang-Kiang River lies athwert your path. The air ms
alive with the twittering of song-thrushes as you
walk down a tolling green hillside to the nver. There
is a roadsvith white-topped milestones al intervals
that leads ta the nver and you decide to follow it
Turn to 227
362
The Fa-Rin flies ints the air, 1ts hoofs wreathed in
flame, and arrows towards Gargantus. Gangantus
looks ati-and twin lancing belts of roby licht hurtle
fromils eves and hit the Ki-Rin with explosive force
killing itinstantl,. Tf you are now withoutalles, vue
will have to tight Gargantus alone. Tumi to 364. If
you have Ecanar the Enchantress as yourally, tum
ta 22, If you have the olden Company as your
allies; turn ti.198
af ee ah
383-344
383
Inside the hovel it is surprisingly clean, theusth
spartan. Two silk screens hang on the wall, one of
Lord Toda and another showing a small village and
a prand house which probably once belonged to
Ginsei when he was Toda's captain: it shows twn
young children strongly resembling Cinsei playing
below the veranda. Running your fingers over the
screen to test the quality of the silk youare surprised
fo lind a ridge in the wooden wall behind it. It
Proves to be a secret cupboard inside which isa
Black chest inlaid with letters of red wecild which read
'Beware the breath of the dragon.' Will you open the
chest (farm to 359} or just take the silk screens and
leave (turn to 343)7
384
You thrust vour sword deep into one of its black
eyes and il rears back. utterine a shrill burbling
shtiek. lethreshes wildly in its death-throes and you
have to leap back ont of the way, Presently it sub-
aides and falls dead. Quickly you rush over to
Moichi. He is still alive - but only just. Blood is
oozing like the fide from the gaping wound, his face
Is pale and his eves are dimauny. 'At least | died
with honour, my lege, and in a noble cause," With
that his spirit leaves him. You pause silently in
mourning fora while, honoring his memory, Bul
Fou know you must continue with your mussion
A search of the caver reveals an exit at one end
and a heaped pile of 'treasure - mostly bones and

--- PAGE BREAK ---

--- = yaa i
Peo Pf PAA
aise] a Y e - atte atti eae ean = (es gg
tna fae Poiana oe eect FypsSicr ah o ec oe se eae
Bye "OR Ars So te no
Be oma ten ilo Core eae aS aay per
-- NIE. SZ VN a
SF a Di ee ae
PA Se cag Mh) J We cae - By oO ete
BS Ke pe ee Lg FP ee we -
Bete i elem Sau g Line se Be
+ i are aL Nahe aR Ba ©
bist ges o eee es es: se -e i> ate
Da "e a ie ge a
i my 4 > ah Pe
st ee
335-387
old useless weapons. However, you do find 15 Gold
Pines, a shiny silver helmel of ornate workman-
ship, a bottle of greenish-black ichor-like liquid and
a magrnficenth, crafted iron war-fan, used in battles
t> signal troops, which is inlaid with a pattern of
fvory that makes you feel nauseous to look at. Will
ENE
Pick wp the war-fan and open it Turn to 182
Dank some of the liquid' Turn ta 196
Puton the helinet2 Turn to 210
Leave them alland go through
the exit" Tum ta-222
385
fhe trembling continues until the rock itself secms
to curl up af the edges all around you. Too late you
realize it 1s a Groundhog, a large monster that
resembles the rock on which it lics. If you have the
skill of Karumijutsu, and wish to use il, turn to197
IF nat, turn. to 337
386
You come out of the valley and are faced by a large
forbidding forest, stretching away for miles to either
side. The road disappears into its depths like asione
int) water. You recognize it as the Forest af Sha-
dows, and you must go through it. Tum to azz
387
Socm you come to a path that leads down to the
water's edge, where a crescent of stepping-stanes

--- PAGE BREAK ---

388
great columns of basalt,a ventable wiant's cause
way, slretches out into the mist. With difficulty you
leap from one pillar to another. Turn 10225
388
You stealthily circle the castle, without bemg seen
Then vou dart forward to beneath ils walls, which
you Hind are made of Ane, well-dressed, stime
blocks, and you canniot findany loothelds tor climb-
ing. However, if you have the skill of Karamyutsy
you may be able to reach the battlements..If you
wish totry this, tur to 284. Ifmot, yuu can approactt
the pate and try to blulf your way in (tum to 374
abandon the attempt te alay Txietsin and press on
turn to 338), or wail near the entrance and hope
some opportunity te get in anses (hum to 3g8
1g ieee
389-390
489
Your prowess with the katana has instilled terror in
the hearts of the charcoal-bumers, The fire-
wielder's body lies horribly contorted before vow
and the others scatter and flee inte the woods. You
have defended the honcurofvourlordand you may
add 1 to your awn Honour score before continuing
on your way. Turn to 195_ i
ear
Z
pias hers care
ae
390
You dash back, wrench the door open and dive
through. The Phoenix does not attempt to prevent
you. You are back m lhe Hub, surrounded by stars
and the eight doors. Return to § and choose again
But you cannot choose an option you have chosen
once already

--- PAGE BREAK ---

397- 392
391
The magnificent beast shakes the very earth as it
falls. Part of its ebony antlers was shorn olf by vour
blade. The Black Elk weighs several tans and itis fer
tuolarge to skin quickly, but you may cul some meat
from: the still warm carcass. Add z to your Pro-
visions, The broken piece of antler is adorned by a
Slralige whorled pattern, almost lke a serpent of
white bone, You decide to Keep the antler as a
talisman. Note iton vour Adventure Sheet and tum tn
382
392
You spring away before the guards have reacted
such is thetr surprise. You have one sword, al least
Until you get another you cannot use the skill of
Ni-to-Kenjutsu, nor can you use Kyujutsu until you
obtain a bow and arrows, you chose either of these
skills dunng your training
The corridor ends in a stairwell, going both up and
down. The puards are catching op. Will you go up
turn to 28) or down (lurn to 4)7
2
Marne. Fane tt a
Ess &
! 7 Lee
3937394
393
The Kappa, forthatis whatthe scaly green monsters
are, glare balcfully at you, their yellow eyes pust
below the surface. Legends tell that they are wily
and capable of speaking in the human tongue. Will
you leave immedialely, while it is possible to du so
fim to 395), ur try to talk to them (turn to 325)7
394
The Ki-Rin flies up and circles the Dai-Oni. The
Dat-Oni swings the club at it, but the Ki-Rin dodges
aside. Then the Ki-Rin utters a single word and the
Dai-Oni screams in pam. 'You have stripped me of
TF Mapsc, corsed beast! he screams. The Ki-Rin
fhes up, saying, "That is all] can do, mortal: the rest
is in your hands, Good luck.' Then it fades from
view. The Dai-Oni advances, club in hand, but this
hime you can see fear in its eyes. You must fightit
DAI-ONT SEILL10 STAMINA 10
Ifyou win, tum to 54
Pa a ca a os wie. i

--- PAGE BREAK ---

395-396
395
You clamber on toa mossy mound near the far bank
of the river, as several scaly preen monsters nse
dripping from the depths and converge upon you. Lf
you have the skill of Karamijutsu and wish to try to
leap over their heads to safety, tim to 45. IF rou
decade to stand your ground and fight it cut, turn to
13. If, instead, you surrender, turn ta 3-
396
A troop of fifteen nders appears on the road ahead
of you. They are wearing bluc and green lacquered
battle armour and you recognize the symbol embl-
zoned on a banner one of them bears: they are
samurai of Lord Tstetsin. The leading Samurai hails
you, saying, 'Welcome to the domain of Lord Tsiet-
sin. You are the Shogun's champion, are you not"
You ned as they approach, smiling
Suddenly one of them shouts, "And Lord Tsietsin
has declared himself the new Shogun!' With that
they charge you, taking you by surprise. You strug-
gle mightily, slaying three of them and wounding
several more, bul there are too many and soon you
are securch; bound and strapped over a horse's
back. "Lord Tsietsin will be pleased with this tittle
catch,' one of them quips
They take you to the castle you passed on the road
Youvare led into the courtyard, where many of Lord
sictsin's Samurai retainers gather around t laugh
and mock you. You are unceremoniously thrown
into a srnall cell in the palace dungeon. The gaoler, a
396
large beefy man in a:stained leather jerkin, says
jeeringly, "You will be taken before the Shogun
Tsietsin on the mormow.' Then he slams the mass-
ive, trom-studded, oaken door of the cell in your
face
You are alone. Thev have taken your swords, and it
15 this rather than the cruel gibes and the indignity
of capture that Hill you with ahame. Lose 1 Honour
Point for their loss. There is nothing you can de but
Wait for the moming, se you lie down on the
veooden palletin the commer and gato sleep. Tum tu
316
f
> | =
avy ga Os aoe A A Ee og
ge gps gel a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

" %
ad ® = se, =
4 'e | a 9
"aN : j S ae ee
4 . is L os = ia
E. . 5 ze. [ p
er =
ES Pee Bee Le eae Sts
= eal {. Sacer oe ee re
i _ ee Je ea ee - Re Seine: ie ee ee
a --- = aay Pe eet fe <b ee. oo ae ae
= -= a ait oR ci | hee ia i " ae
- nw. BN ty is ral rl a pa ae ee aoe
= > SDRE ee Toe Sy --
ee: oes 4.9 ae ae oe
- a y. ly Ve ee ge ed fe oP =
saree = > See Dale a =e 3. Ne -_-
= nsetraes, ae ols 1 j tls a a ; os
2 See Tae aid (2 tied 8 aw, 2 8
=e B= ! | | i ae = < 9
a Pee ie! La! My ot ar =
Oy peeled elec 5! ks A ae
hae (os tah i. Ze i
Ree eres ba, Mae 5 Vay =L---- =
spnnaver sore ennien y ee Re =
= soe a oo , Pyare to=
ee ag <7 RS f ad "5
Sy : i | fee | gel
- agen ugh r a be Bye fone 2 eee oS ee Poe ee
at oO fted Tas Be asin od
= ot eae Wo fps ae @ oe
397-398
397
Sunrise the next day sees you descending from the
dales mito the last of the lands held securely by the
Shogun. Gaunt tees litter a brown plain and tear
the must. You restat the edge of these drear marcher
» lands before going on. Restore up lo alostsTamina
points. On the following day you stide out through
the mist - which moffles the sound of heavy hocf-
beats until they are almost upon you. A great black
beast looms over youin the mist, Itis the Black Elk of
the Marcher Lands, which is supposed to have
vanished seventy years ago or more. Unluckily for
you ifseems to have returned. [ts enormans antlers
are fifteen feet of polished ebony and its eyes are
jewel: of flame. You must fight
BLACK ELK SKILL 4 "STAMINA 18
li you win, burr to 392
394
You watt at some distance frum the castle gales
fying to think of some way to get in without being
detected. Presenth: you notice a cart trumdline to-
wards vou, laden with hay, presumably making a
delivery to the castle. You dart ints the cover of
sume nearby undergrowth and it passes slowly by
There is plenty of hay for you to hide yourself in
Wall you crcep up behind the cart anc hide in the
hay (farm to 6), abandon this and press on with your
original mission (furn to 338), or iry to bluff your
way utthrough the gates (Lurn to 374)2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

399-400
399
Ginset lies dead at your feet, his lacquered blue
armour rent and stained purple. Ie will never
dishonour the narne of the Shogun again. Smoke
still ses fom the hovel in which he had been
hiding out. Will you investigate the hut (tur to
393), ar find a dry spot to sleep in the wonds (tar to
374
=
8 ee ee
' Sie P x oi, ae 4 jal ites
qe eee
400
The black robes that encased the Master of Shadows
fall ta the floorin a heap. lkiruis no more. The walls
of his dark hall begin ta shudder and his throne to
erumble. The pit falls in on itself. Great cecks
appear in the floor. Desperately you search for an
entrance, but then part of a wall falls away and clean
sunlight passes in. Wincing from the glare, you run
eut to find vourselé in the Shies'il Mountains. be
hind you the great black palace of strange, alien
design is crumbling away, the palace of Lkin
409
You find vourselfin the midst of a camp of Shikame
but they are ignoring you. Some of them are staring
im horrified fear at the palace, others are running
hither and thither in panic. You take this opportun-
ity to leave quickly and you escape unmolested
A few days later, vou are safely back in Konichi, the
capital. where the Shogun holds a state banquet in
your honour. With the return of Singin Death, his
Tule is assured and the Lords of Hachiman urute
under his banner, to tepel the barbarian invaders
With king slain, his army of Shikome disperse and
the threal is lifted. An age of peace and prosperity
lies ahead of you and the people of Hachiman