Howl of the Werewolf
Proofreading copy generated from playable/book-data.js
Use the section and PDF page headers to trace Grammarly findings back to the source.

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 1 | PDF PAGE 1 ===

INTRODUCTION Before embarking on your adventure, you must first determine your own strengths and weaknesses. You use dice to discover your initial scores. On pages 14- 15 there is an Adventure Sheet, which you may use to record the details of your adventure. On it you will find boxes for recording the scores of your attributes You are advised either to record your scores on the Adventure Sheet in pencil or to make photocopies of the sheet for use in future adventures Skill, Stamina and Luck Even if you have read a Fighting Fantasy pamebook before, please sead the following section carefully, as you will see that your attributes are handled differently in this adventure to how they are in most other famebooks Roll one dice, Divide the number rojled by 2, rounding fractions up. Add 7, giving you a fatal of between 6 and to, Enter this total in the skILt box on the Adventire Sheet Roll two dice. Add 10 to the number roiled, giving you a total of between 12 and 22. Enter this total in the STAMINA box Roll one dice. Add 6 lo the number, piving you a total of between 7 and 12. Enter this total in the Luck box For reasons that will be explained below, all your scores will change constantly during the adventure to

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 2 | PDF PAGE 2 ===

come. You must keep an accurate record of these scores, and for this reason you are advised to write smal] in the boxes or to keep an eraser handy. But never mub out your Initial scores. Although you may be awarded additional samt, STAMINA and LUCK points, their totals may never exceed their Initial scores, except on those occasions when the text specifically tells you so Your skIL. reflects your expertise in combat, your dexterity and agility. Your STAMINA score reflects how healthy and physically fit you are. Your LUCK score indicates how lucky you are Battles During your adventure you will often encounter hostile creatures that will attack you, and you yourself may choose to draw your sword against an enemy you chance across. Jn some such situations you may be given special options allowing you to deal with the encounter in an unusual manner, but in most cases you will have to resolve battles as described below Enter your opponent's skiii, and STAMINA Scores in the first vacant Encounter Box on your Adventure Sheet, You should also make a note of any special abilities or instructions, which are unique to that particular opponent. Then follow this sequence 1. Roll both dice for your opponent. Add its SKILL score to the total rolled, to find tts Attack Strength 2. Roll both dice for yourself, then add your current SKILL score to find your Attack Strength 3. if your Attack Strength is higher than your epponent's, you have wounded it: proceed to step 4. If your opponent's Attack Strength is higher than yours, it has wounded you: proceed to step 5. If both Attack Strength totals are the same, you have avoided or parried each other's blows: start a new Attack Round from step 1 above 4. You have wounded your opponent, so subtract 2 points from its STAMINA score. You may use LUCK here to do additional damage (see Luck section 5. Your opponent has wounded you, se subtract 2 Points from your STAMINA score. You may use LUCK ta reduce the loss of STAMINA (see LUCK section 6. Bepin the next AHtack Round, starting again at step 1. This sequence continues until lhe STAMINA score of either you or your opponent reaches zero, which means death. If your opponent dies, you are free to continue with your adventure. If you die, your adventure ends and you must siart all over again by creating a new character Fighting More Than One Opponent In some situations you may find yourself facing more than one person or creature in combat. Somehmes you will treat them as a single opponent; sometimes you will be able to fight each in burn; and at other times you will have to fight them all at the same time! f they are treated as a single opponent, the combat is resolved normally. When you are instructed to fight your opponents one ata time, the combat is resolved normally - except that once you defeat an enemy, the

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 3 | PDF PAGE 3 ===

next steps forward to fight you! When you find yourself under attack from more than one opponent at the same time, each adversary will make a separate attack on you in the course of each Attack Round, but you can choose which one to fight Attack your chosen target as in a normal battle. Against any additional opponents you throw for your Attack Strength in the normal way; if your Attack Strength is greater than your opponent's, in this instance you will not inflict any damage; you can regard it as if you have parried an incoming blow. If your Attack Strength is lower than your adversary's, however, you will be wounded in the normal way. Of course, you will have to setile the outcome against each additional adversary separately Luck Al various times during your adventure, either in battles or when you come across other situations in which you could be either Lucky or Unlucky (details of these are given in the relevant paragraphs), you Thay usé LUCK to make the outcome more favourable to you. But beware! Using Luck is a risky business and if you are Unlucky, the results could be disastrous The procedure for Testing your Luck works as follows roll two dice. If the number rolled is equal to or less than your current LUCK score, you have been Lucky and the outcome will be in your favour. If the number rolled is higher than your current LUCK score, you have been Unlucky and will be penalised Each time you Test your Luck, you must subtract 1 Point from your current Luck score. Thus you will soon realise that, the more you rely on your Luck, the Lising Luck tn Battles In certain paragraphs you will be told to Test your Luck, and you will then find out the consequences of being Lueky or Unlucky. However, in battles, you alwaya have the option of using your Luc, either to inflict more serious damage on an opponent you have just wounded, or to minimise the effects of a wound you have just received If you have just wounded an opponent, you may Test your Luck as described above. lf you are Lucky you have inflicted a severe wound; deducl an extra 2 points from your opponent's STAMINA score. Tf you are Unlucky, however, your blow only scratches your opponent, and you deduct only 1 point from your opponent's STAMINA (i.e., instead of scoring the nornal a points of damage, you now score anly 1 Whenever you yourself are wounded in combat, you may Test your Luck to bry to minimise the wound. If you are Lucky, your opponent's blow only grazes you deduct 1 point from the damage you austain. If you are Unducky, your wound is a serious one and you must deduct 1 extra STAMINA point than you would normally Remember you must subtract 1 point from your Luck score each ime you Test your Luck

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 4 | PDF PAGE 4 ===

More About Your Attributes Skill Your SKILL score may change occasionally during the course of your adventure. From time to Hime a Paragraph may give instructions to increase or decrease your SKILL score, but it may not exceed its initial value unless you are specifically instructed to the contrary Al various times during your adventure you will be told to Test your Skill. The procedure for this is exactly the same as that for Testing your Lick. roll two dice. If the number rolled is equal to or less than your current SKILL score, you have succeeded in your test and the result will go in your favows If the number rolled is higher than your curtent SKILL score, you will have failed the test and will have to suffer the consequences However, unlike TesHig your Luck, do not subtract 1 point from your SKILL each ime you Test your Skil Stoming Your STAMINA score will change a lot during your adventure. [t will drop as a result of wounds gained through combat, or by falling foul of traps and pitfalls and it will also drop after you perform any particularly arduous task. If your STAMINA score ever falls to zero you have been killed and should stop reading the book immediately. Braye adventurers who wish to pursue their quest must roll up a new character and start all over again You can restore lost STAMINA by eating meals or Provisions. You start the game with enough for 10 Meals, and during your adventure you will be able to obtain more. You must keep track of how many Provisions yau have left by filling mn the details in the Provisions box of your Adventure Sheet. Each Ome you eat a meal you may restore up te 4 poimts of STAMINA, but you must remember to deduct 1 Meal fom your remaining Provisions. 'You may stop and eat Provisions at any time except when you are enpaped in batile Luck Additions to your Luck score may be awarded in the adventure when you have been particularly fortunate or created your awn luck by some action, Details are given, where appropniate, in the paragraphs of the book. Remember that, as with SKILL and STAMINA your LUCK score may never exceed its [niftel value unless the text specifically mstructs you to the contrary Change Points as you will soon discover, you are about to undergo something of a transformation as you undertake the adventure ahead of you. Although it will not mean anything bo you just yet, the rate of this change 1s Monitored in terms of CHANGE points, You start your adventure with 4 CHANGE score of zero, However ducing the adventure this total will inevitably increase

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 5 | PDF PAGE 5 ===

but it may also decrease occasianally. Keep a careful nole of your current number of CHANGE points in Lhe appropriate box on your Adwatare Sheet, Once the translormation begins, your CHANGE score cannol drop below 1 Equipment and Gold You begin your adventure with some basic equipment thal you will need for the challenge ahead of you. You are armed with a sword and are dressed in leather atmour. You have a backpack to hold your Provisions Gold Pieces and any treasures or olher items you may find along Ihe way. You also carry a lanicm and tinderbox. To find cut how many Gold Pieces with which you begin your adventure, rell two dice and add 6 to the number rolled. Note this total down in the Gold Pieces box on your Aditeuiire Sheet, Your sword and lantern should be noted in the Equipment box, as must any other useful items you may acquire On YOUT qurst Alternative Dice If you do not have a pair of dice handy, dice rolls are Printed throughout the book at the bottom of the pages. Flicking rapidly through the book and slopping ona page will give you a random dice roll. If you need lo roll only one dice, read ordy the first printed dice; if two, lotal the two dice symbols i2

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 6 | PDF PAGE 6 ===

secre rit WEREWOLE ITEMS AND EQUIPMENT CARRIED ADVENTURE SHEET eee

=== BACKGROUND PAGE 1 | PDF PAGE 7 ===

BAD MOON RISING Tt was madness even to think that you could make it ta thenext village before nightfall, As dusk descended what possessed you to leave the road and attempt to take a shortcut through the suffocating forest? An expenenced sword-for-hire you may be, but your brash bravado has got the better of you this ime once and for al], Your heart beats a tattoo of near panic in your chest, your ragged breathing rasps loudly in your @ars. You quicken your step, just as you know that the creatures that are hunting you are quickening theirs You can hear the wolves panting as they run, easily keeping pace with you. The night closes in, a smothering shroud of darkness. You trip over exposed tree zoobs, the moon - only a matter of nights away from being full - casting its sickly light through naked black branches above. To your agitated mind the trees seem to claw at you with skeletal black fingers Suddenly the adrenalin rush of panic is replaced by that of desperate hope as you catch sight of a flickering light between the looming, leafless trees, [t may be no more than a lone guttering candle-flame, but to you it is a brilliant beacon of hape amid the blackness. The light 1 shining from the window of an isolated hut and suddenly you feel there is a chance you might yet escape the cruel fate that the encroaching night seems to have set aside for you A howl cuts through the chill night air, a mournful sound that freezes the blood in your veins. You mmediately stumble to a halt: the arumal cry came from somewhere close by. Your heart raang, your breathing shallow and fast, you spin round, scouring the oppressive forest for the tell-tale signs that you know must be there. And then you see them, a dozen blazing-red eyes, smouldering like coals, watching you from the darkness Growling, the wolves slink into the moonlight in front of you. The animals have a Jean, hungry look, their gfey pelts scabrous and patchy, their ear-tips pressed Jow against ther skulls, lps curling back fom yellowed, slavering fangs. Darting anxious glances around, you realise, fo your horror, that you are You unsheathe your sword, the blade shining as it slides from its ciled leather scabbard, You test its weight in your hand, knowing that itis only a matter of moments before you will be forced to Gght for your life. In that moment, your mind is suddenly awhirl with memories of the last few months Growing weary of the comfortable security of the plains of Femphrey and Lendleland, you ventured north into that cloud-capped, frostbitten realm of unforgiving mountain peaks and brooding forests that is Mauristatia, The pettily feuding principalities of that deadly land have histories as long and as

=== BACKGROUND PAGE 2 | PDF PAGE 8 ===

bloody as that of the Old World itself. People talk in hushed tones of the Vampire Lords of Mortvania and the ghoulish death-cults of Bathoria. No land is more benighted and accursed than that of Lupravia. A chill place of primeval mountains, dark forests and mistshrouded moorland, it is said to be haunted by the spirits of the restless dead. The wretched native folk of that land struggle to eke out even the meanest living from its thin soil and regularly suffer the predations of wild animals. Only the foolhardy or insane would choose to willingly pass beyond its borders and enter. that desolate realm. And yet here you are on the very edge of Lupravia, and suddenly everything you have ever heard about that place seems sa beretfytngly real A snarl more menacing and blood-chilling than any you have yet heard this hateful night brings you back to the present and the dire nature of your predicament. The wolves halt as one, Pushing aside the other wolves as id moves through the pack is ihe undoubtable leader. It is caught for a moment in the washed-out light of the moon, which hangs like 4 moumer's corpse-watch candle in the pall of night You have never seen ils like before The creature is huge, a monstrous beast twice the size of any other wolf in the pack. Its pelt is utterly black apart from the one long streak of grey that nuns from the top of its head all the way down its back. The look of evil intentis in its eyes, something wholly unnatural in a wolf, something almost inhumanly human. A guttural grow] that speaks of your imminent demise fises from deep within its chest and the wolves begin to move again. With death reflected in its eyes, the great wolf prepares to pourice Turn to paragraph 1

=== BACKGROUND PAGE 3 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

ii i ; oo : te Wh Ht : ee a= "A [ i ee a a a ie eee i ! E vs gage ee 2 = : oe eae ae a eo

=== SECTION 1 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

With the wolf pack steadily closing in on you, and the great wolf tensed ready to attack in an instant, you are going to have to act fast and use all your cunning if you are ever going to get out of this dire situation alive. Will you Turn your back on the wolf and try to run for it? Turn to 43 Stand your ground and prepare to meet Black Wolf's inevitable attack? Turn to 66 Seize the initiative and charge the wolf? Turn to 147

=== SECTION 2 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

Sharpness? Silverness? She must be talking about the Silver Dagger you found on the body of the goblin thief, Quickly you take out the gleaming blade. The Spider-Queen's eyes practically bulge out of her head as the eight black orbs catch sight of the dagger glittering in the light of the crystal formations. "My sharpness! My pretty silverness!' she shrieks. 'Give it to me, thief Or shall I have to take it from you?' She stalks towards you over the desiccated husks of men and dwarts that litter the floor of her chamber. If you want to throw the monster the Silver Dagger,turn to 67. If you choose to keep a tight hold of it,turn to 162

=== SECTION 3 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

Inexplicably, something starts to claw at you inside vour chest - at Jeast that's what if Feels like. You cry out in pain as you double up, but the cry that comes From your throat is more like a lupine how!; and that's ij T1ol all! You can feel fur bristling on your face and see it appearing on the backs of your hands, while the tips of your ears stretch and reshape themselves. (Add 1 to your CHANGE score.) The gathered circus folk gasp and lake a step back, apart from the Master. 'Ah," he muses, 'a wolfman. We haven't got one of those.' You siare at him in stunned amazement; this is not the reachon you would have expected. We all have our secrets, do we not?' the Master says, giving you a wicked grin. "But I think we might have a place for you, within our Camivale - that is, if you would like to join us.' Will you accept the Master's offer (turn to 15), or decline his invilation (turn to 509)?

=== SECTION 4 | PDF PAGE 10 ===

Hans, the young man you met at The Gibbet Tree said that his sister Leisel had mun away to join the Camivale. It surely can't be a coincidence; this must be the travelling circus he was talking about. You remember Hans' words clearly: 'weird, grotesque and macabre,' was how he described it. You have to admil that you are intrigued. Do you want to pay the entrance fee and enter the Carnivale now, in the hope of finding out more (turn to 144), or would you rather wait until after dark and enter then under cover of darkness (turn to 236), or would you rather have nothing lo do with the place (turn to 26}?

=== SECTION 5 | PDF PAGE 10 ===

You do not have to walk far to reach the nuns. With the dusk deepening arcund you, you begin to explore them by twilight. You pass between crumbling stone walls - whatever roof they might once have supported long gone - and beneath broken arches into dirt- floored chambers open to the sky, hame now to scurry- place - you find yourself wondering - and whal went ing beetles, centipedes and vermin. Who built this on here? Were these ruins once some lord's stronghold a sorcerer's hideaway, or some holy temple dedicated to a now-forgotten deity? There is one thing you are certain of, however. Evil holds dominion here now Lurking shadows seem to change shape and move The longer you explore the ruins lhe more intense the feeling becomes that there is an evil presence lingering within this place, and it is making you feel increasingly uncomfortable. Do you want to depart the ruins with- out further delay (tur to 38), or will you persist with Your investigations (turn to 249)?

=== SECTION 6 | PDF PAGE 10 ===

Lifting the latch, you push open the heavy door of The Gibbet Tree. The inn sign, which depicts an empty gallows scaffold and swinging noose, creaks mustily in the night-breeze above you. Shutting the door, you enier the bar room beyond. It is relatively large, witha number of tables and chairs dotted around, but, other than you, there appears to be only one other customer a young man with an intensely serious expression on his face, The last embers of a fire smoulder in the grate which is set into a large chimney breast. Standing behind the bar is a blubbery, bald-headed man whom you take to be the landlord, lugubriowsly rubbing a tankard with the skirts of his filthy apron, and a girl of no more than eighteen or nineteen, whose black hair is an unkempt mess, her vacant eyes staring into the dying coals of the fire. Na one speaks, making the whining of the wind in the eaves even more unsettling A night at an inn such as this shouldn't cost more than a couple of Gold Pieces, but you can imagine you would receive a warmer welcome from a pack of snow wolves in the Cloudeap Mountains in mid- winter. Do you want to spend what remains of the night at The Gibbet Tree (hum to 131), or would you preter to risk a night out on the moors under the stars turn to 466)?

=== SECTION 7 | PDF PAGE 11 ===

Being mindful not to re turn to anywhere you have already been, which floor will you now explore? The crypt? Turn te 297 The cellar? Turn to 139 The ground floor? Turn to 126 The first floor?Turn to 167 The second floor?Turn to 207 The third floor? Turn to 349 The fourth floor? Turn to 264 The fifth floor? Turn to 408 The sixth floor? Turn to 435 The seventh floor? - Turn to 273

=== SECTION 8 | PDF PAGE 11 ===

Leaving Strigoiva, you make your way towards the dark spur of trees that delineates the outermost extent of the forest. Gnarled and twisted tees arch over the path between them, forming a foliaged tunnel that leads into the depths of the woods, Between the crowded trunks and clutching branches, the forest is as dark as at dusk. Occasionally you hear the fwitter cf birdsong or the distant shriek of « forest animal, but you see nothing. The forest has an uncanny quality to it that unnerves you. It has all the atmosphere of the woodlands of fairy tales and folk-lore. The dimming of the half-light that penetrates this tar beneath the trees tells you that mightis on its way. A clearing opens before you and you find yourself looking at the mirror-black surface of a woodland poo]. Traces of water-weed trail the surface amid patches of thick slime-green algae. The pool is a good hundred yards across but in the twilight you can see that the stragely path you are following wends its way around the edge of the lake to the far side. As you prepare to set off again, the sound of singing drifts to your ears over the water. It is a lilting, wordless tune that speaks to you of melancholic loneliness and a deep, dark sormw. Roll two dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal to your current CHANGE score,turn to 64. If itis greater, Turn Eo 161

=== SECTION 9 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

Following the hinnel through the peak you come to a smaller cave from which a total of Ehree routes lead onwards. How will you progress now? Will you follow The tunnel from which emanates a musky animal smell? Turn to 433 The cobweb-plastered passageway? Turn to 415 The white quartz tunnel? Turn to 76

=== SECTION 10 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

Staring into the Countess' eyes and enraptured by the mesmerising tone of her voice, you forget why you Maun Tower in the first place. Suddenly all that matters is what the Lady is telling you: "You will be my agent of destruction. I know what you desire and | desire it too. Hunt down the wolf and slay it.' Her manservant is suddenly at her side, a small, teak chest, in his hands. Inside, lying on a bed of black velvet is an ornate Silver Dagger. 'Take this,' the Countess says, as her servant offers you the blade 'and if you succeed in your quest, I shall reward you beyond your wildest dreams.' Acting as if all free will has left you, you take the Silver Dagger (add it to your Adventure Sheet, along with the codeword Deliugeb). You may use the dagger in combat but, if you do so, you will have to fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. Injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to Heir kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm the Undead bul will only cause the usual a stamama points of damage Now go,' the Countess commands, and you leave her tower. Passing through Maun you head north into the hills, Turn to 450

=== SECTION 11 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

By the time you have trekked high into the hills to the dark, fortress-like structure, night has property fallen and the moon holds dominion over the land once more. The path between the peaks climbs a rocky escarpment, with a precipitous drop on one side and a sheer cliff on the other, until it finally stops in front of the stone-walled entrance to the building, the wall having been built across a narrow pass between the building. Beyond the rockface-wall, you can see the pointed pables and squat towers of another structure within the complex. You are standing in front of a sturdy, and secured, oak door. To one side a tallow-fat lamp flickers within a tiny recess, and on the other 1 side there hangs a knotted piece of rope that you take to bea bell pull. If you want to spend the night under shelter, you are going to have to gain access to the building, somehow. Will you ring the bell pull (turn to §8) or look for another possible way in first (turn to23)?

=== SECTION 12 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

After half an howr of searching, and with beads of feverish sweat prickling your brow despite the cold Ulrich suddenly cries out, 'Over here! I've found it!' You hurry to the spot where the woodsman is standing beside the bole of an aging oak. Growing there is the plant known as belladonna, or deadly nightshade, the herb you have been so desperately seeking. Quickly you pick a handful of sprigs and pop them into your mouth. But belladonna is poisonous and eating some makes you sick (lose 2 STAMINA points). By doing so however, you have also slowed the advance of the lycanthropy throughout your system (subtract 1 point from yOUr CHANGE score), Yet, despite this, some sixth sense tells you that it hasn't been enough to rid you of your affliction altogether. Unless you find another more effective cure, you are sill going to turn inle a wolf the next time the moon is full. Willi you now set off alter the wolf pack (hun to 473) or go in search of Grandmother Zekova (turn to 302)? UO Fee Lees a7 Y ile

=== SECTION 13 | PDF PAGE 13 ===

You spend a restless night in your room, kept awake by strange and disturbing noises that fill you wilh a sense of dread. There is the clattering of hooves on cobbles, shcill whinnying, crazed cackling laughter and the moaning of an unearthly gale. Come the morning. you feel just as tired as you did on retiring '0 bed and in your weakened state, your inner wolf gains a greater hold on your body {add 1 te your CHANGE score). You leave The Gibbet Tree without secing another sout and set off again along the road north across the moors. Turn to 69

=== SECTION 14 | PDF PAGE 13 ===

Emerging from the tunnel, you enler a vasi chamber - a natural stone cathedral deep within the rock of sundered Peak. Hanging amid the stalactites suspended from the roof of the cavern are pendulous silk-wrapped egg-sacs, like Lhose made by spiders although each of these is as big asa treasure chesl. As vou cross the chamber, you detect movement above vou. Looking up into the glcom you see several of the sacs split open and the giant spider hatchlings emerge Each has a distinctive set of markings on its abdomen in the form of a grinning Death's Head, and each hatches with the instinctive desire to hunt! Rall one dice and add 1. This is the total number of spider hatchlings that attack you, Each of the hatchlings has the same statistics. Fight the emerging spiderlings one ala time GIANT SPIDER HATCHLING sKIlL6 STAMINA 2 Lf you manage to battle your way through the hatch- ery, which route will you take out of the vast cavern again? Awide, circular tunnel? Turn to 122 A tunnel with its walls ninning with water? Turn to 4.05 Asteeply inclined cleft in one wall? Turn to 31 Anarrow, bwishng passage? Turn to 415

=== SECTION 15 | PDF PAGE 14 ===

You spend the next two days in the pleasant company of the Carnivale folk as they break camp and set off along the read east out of Balci. You feel rested and refreshed, and more positive about your whole situ- ation. The unsettling transformation you underwent also reversed itself come dawn the next day. (Restore up to 4 STAMINA points and 1 LUCK point.) Another day on the road brings you to the town of Vargenhof As the circus folk start setting up for another series of shows, you thank the Carnivale Master for his gener- osity of spirit but tell him that you must be on your way, and so wander off into the town. Turn to 500 BO lg Yoda ii, oh Pa he alg a i a

=== SECTION 16 | PDF PAGE 14 ===

You come to lying in a cold stone cell, lit by a single flickering oil-lamp. Awareness returns more quickly as you hear a disconcerting chirruping sound. You are not alone in the cell. Between you and the cell door scuttle two grotesquely overgrown cockroaches, Saw- ing their antennae together they move towards you You are going to have to fight them at the same ime SKILL STAMINA First GLANT COCKROACH 7 6 Second GLANT COCKROACH 6 7 If you defeat the Cockroaches you manage to break the rusted lock of the cell door and, opening it, find yourself in a subterranean passageway. To your right the corridor comes to a dead end. You can either follow it left (turn to 421), or take another passage that mins perpendicular to this one straight ahead of you turn to 282

=== SECTION 17 | PDF PAGE 14 ===

Brandishing the holy symbol in font of the Vampiress causes her to recoil, throwing her hands up in front of her face, spitting like a wildcat. Turn to 245

=== SECTION 18 | PDF PAGE 15 ===

The savage Shuck is upon you. This demon dog has terrorised would-be pilgrims making the journcy {o the healing shrine of Saint Crucius for long enough Tonight, its reign of terror must come to an end SHUCK SKILL7 STAMINA Uf the Shuck wins three consecufive Attack Rounds turn at once to 30. If your battle with the hell-hound teaches the seventh Attack Round without a resolu- ton,turn to 9g. If you kill the beast before then, turn lo az

=== SECTION 19 | PDF PAGE 15 ===

The people of Wulfenstein have locked and barred their doors and windows, hiding from whatever it is that is making the dreadful, growling you can hear echoing along the village streets. Your hackles rise your wolfish senses recoiling in the presence of something bestial and malign. As you creep through the eerily empty streets, you hear panting and ihe scrape of claws on cobblestones. Shadows loom around a street comer... Something is coming ... Itis at that moment that a gaunt old man sticks his wild- haired head out from an alleyway and beckons lo you with a long-nailed finger. 'Stranger, if you want to live, come with me,' Will you Follow the mangy beggar? Tim to §9 Prepare to face whatever il is that's coming? Turn to 172 Trv to hide without the beggar's help? = Turn to 204

=== SECTION 20 | PDF PAGE 16 ===

The lycanthropy is steadily spreading throughou! your body and changes are being wrought al the core of your being. In fact, perversely the curse of the werewolf is making you physically stronger and more adept. Increase your current and Initial skit score by 1 point and your current and Initial STAMINA score by 2 points. You must also increase your CHANGE score by 1 point. And there are other changes that you are becoming aware of too, which might not be altogether unbeneficial. Roll one dice and turn to the paragraph indicated. Remember each of the following may occur only once. If you roll a number you have rolled before roll again Dice Roll 1 Turn to 41 2 Turn to 248 3 Turn to 469 4 Turn to 206 5 Turn to 405 é Turn to 354

=== SECTION 21 | PDF PAGE 16 ===

With the wolf-monster that has terrorised Lupravia for so many years lying dead at your feet at last, you become aware of something flapping at the window of the Count's chambers. You gasp, truly taken aback to see a striking, platinum-haired woman, with skin as white as ivory, wrapped ina black cloak, suspended in the cold night air beyond the plass - the Countess Isolde of Maun! A cruel smile spreads across her blood-red lips revealing the points of elongated fangs and she transfixes you once more with her mesmer- ising stare, You cannot help yourself as, compelled by apersuasive voice inside your head, you step forward open the window, and invite the Countess into the tower chamber. 'Well done, my pet, she purrs. "You have served me well, Ever since the days of the Cadre Infernal I have sought power over these lands, but thanks to the ritual we enacted that night, so many Fears ago, Count Varcolac of the ruling House of Wulfen has had power over me and the others. For as beng as he lived, and the demon protected him, I could 4 | fot act against him: nor could Serpensa, the widow Aranaea, or the Abbot. But now that you, one of his awn line, have deposed him, I am free to take up the reins of power and seize control of all Lupravia.' You ave in the thrall of the vampiric Lady of Maun, and have been ever since she bewitched you in her tower So it is Uhat there is nothing you can do to stop her Fou are utterly under her control. Count Varcolac may be gone, but Lupravia will remain in the grip of evil e@mly now under the rule of the House of Maun and Vampiress Isolde. You will serve her loyally, as her wolf-thrall. When it seemed that, against all the odds Fou had beaten the Curse of the Werewolf, the Curse of the Vampire has thwarted you at the last. You have failed in your mission, Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 22 | PDF PAGE 16 ===

With such a large target and aft such a close range there eras never any question of you missing. The rod buries wself deep inside the torso of the hulking golem but it FIC does not even slow the brute. With clanking: steps i slalks towards you. It isat that moment that lightning sirikes the windnull again. Scintillatine flashes o! elemental energy explode around the laboratory shattering dials and sething fire to banks of arcane equipment. All of this raw storm-force finds iis way to the lighming rod that you have just plunged inte the golem, with devastating effect. The man-made monster shudders where it stands, as the full force o! the storm passes through its metallic components. Its dead flesh cooks to a blackened cinder while it metallic parts melt and fuse together. Eventually the whele mined creation topples over backwards and crashes onto the floor of the laboratory. Add 1 Luce point for deleating such a dangerous enemy without having to resort to physical combat and turn to 169

=== SECTION 23 | PDF PAGE 17 ===

To your left at the base of the wall, where it merges with the natural rock face, is a grilled culvert, the rusted bars clad with moss. An unpleasant odour, a blend of raw effluent and damp-rat, rises from the tunnel. Even without your lycanthropy-heightened senses the stink would make your eyes water. You test the resistance of the bars and, with little eHort, the grille twists in the hole. You do not fancy sealing the high, sheer wall in front of you in the pitch darkness nor, as the temperabure drops, do you fancy spending another night in the open: so if you want to enter this place you are going bo have to try the culvert (turn to 39) or cing the bell (turn to 58

=== SECTION 24 | PDF PAGE 17 ===

Taking a firm hold of the stones at the lip of the pit vou carefully lower yourself over the edge, down into the darkness. There are plenty of hand- ane fool-holds 0 be found but the stones lining the pit are slick with slime. The air in the shaft smells of damp, fungal matter. Tes! your Luck. If you are Lacky, you reach the ') battom of the pit safely (turn to 221). If you are Unlucky, turn te 121

=== SECTION 25 | PDF PAGE 17 ===

It is no good; the lycanthropy has your body within its clawed grip now. With a yowl of intense, bone- wrenching pain, your physical form reshapes itself ztowing in height, limbs becoming longer, your pain- contorted features giving way toa lupine muzzle. You have become the thing you have fought se hard and for so long to thwart. Your clothes and leather armour can oo longer contain your changing body and are shed along with your human skin, as the hairy wolf's Side rips through from inside. (Lose 2 Luck points necrease your current and Initia! SKILL scare by 1 point ' and your current and Initial STAMINA score by 2 points.) Dropping the weapon you wielded as a auman being, howling with bestial raze, still vaguely aware that itis the Count Varcolac who has ultimately Srought the Curse of the Werewolf upon you, in your aew lycanthrope form you spring at the Varcolac- wolf, determined to exact your revenge. Record the codeword Degnahe on your Adventure Sheet and turn to 18g

=== SECTION 26 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

Roll up! Roll up!' the elfin Carnivale Master shouts his voice like a town crier's, seeing that he is about to lase a paying customer. "Tame the savage Grendel and see the unnatural cross between female beauby and rapacious reptile that is Serpensa the Snake- woman. Visit the haunting Hall of Mirrors, marvel at the magic of the Puppetmaster's marionettes or cross Madame Zelda's hand with gold to have her forecast your future. Alt the fun of the fayre is here at the Carnivale!' You find yourself drawn to the little man's mesmerising faze, unable to tear your eyes away. Roll lwo dice. If the total is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, something makes you change your mind and you decide you would like to visit the Carnivale after all, fm to 134. Lf the total is ereater turn to go

=== SECTION 27 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

You take another step forward and your boot abruptly sinks into the squidgy grownd up te your thigh. Your momentam carries you forward with your other foot and soon you are up to your waist m the stinking chitches of a peat bog. Grasses and moss have grown over this patch of marshy ground, hiding the dangers of the bog beneath. As you bwist and turn, trying to see a way ta get yourself out of Lhe bog your body sinks still further, You are up to your chest when you spy the length of exposed root protruding from a lussock of grass on which a gnarled bush grows Trying lo gain any purchase you can from the ground beneath your feet you lean forward, straining every muscle in an attempt to reach the root and pull yourself free. Roll three dice. Lf the total rolled is less than or equal to your STAMINA score, turn to 128. If the total is preater, turn to By

=== SECTION 28 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

As the sun runs its course across the heavens, you <limb higher through the wooded hills and the clouds close in. During your trek you see not hair nor hide of Beast, In fact you are barely aware of any signs of hfe in this desolate landscape. The sound of birdsong ceased long ago in the woods of the lower slopes. You come in sight of an isolated farmstead, As you take in the drooping, mossy thatch of the farmhouse and the sear-derelict nature of the tumbledown outbuildings thunder mumbles across the hilltops and the clauds 5urst. What starts as a shower becomes a torrential downpour within minutes. Da you want to seek shelter af the run-down fann {hum to 53) or will you cum back and retin to Vareenho! (turn to 483)?

=== SECTION 29 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

This almost dawn by the hme you make it away from Carnivale. Having tended to any wounds you may have received and eaten a meal (if you wish}, you decide that it is time to move on from Balci altogether Pressing on easl, there are hvo routes you can take. Do You want to travel on Lhe open read towards the town Vargenhof (hum to 144) or would you rather follow the well-worn track that leads south-east into the iorest (Eurn to 509)?

=== SECTION 30 | PDF PAGE 19 ===

Beaten back by the Shuck's relentless attacks you find yourself teetering on the edge of the escarpment. The monstrous dog bounds forward to attack once more and you take an involuntary step back. Your heel touches midair and you topple backwards off the cliff The last thing you see before your body is broken upon the jagged rocks below is the slavering face of the demon Shuck. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 31 | PDF PAGE 19 ===

The steady drip, drip, drip of water echoes around the waters of the basir-like chamber you now find yourself in. Formed in a natural hollow in the rocky floor is a wide pool of sharply cold, crystal clear water In the darkness it looks like a black mirror, disturbed only by the occasional droplet of water seeping through from the bedrock above to drip into the pool below. If you want to drink from this natural pool turn to 185. If not, how will you proceed from here? Will you take: Oo The tunnel accessible through a pit-like hole in the cavern floor? Turn to oF The steeply inclined cleft in the wall of the cavern? Turn to 14 The uneven-floored tunnel with an almost triangular entrance? Turn to 142 The winding corkscrew tunnel? Turn to 159 The green crystal-riven passageway? Turn to 70

=== SECTION 32 | PDF PAGE 19 ===

Ulrich bends down beside the crone, curled in a ball in front of you, feeling for a pulse at her throat. A moment later he rises, his head hanging, his chin on his chest. Before he speaks you know what he ls going to say. 'We are too late: she is gane.' You do nol need to ask who the old woman was, either. From the moment you saw the cottage and heard Ulrich utter the name Grandmother you had a fearful premonition that this was the home of the wisewoman Zekova the one person who could help you, and now she is dead, 'There is nothing more we can do here, my friend,' Ulrich says. 'But we can avenge Grandmother Zekova's murder by hunting down her killer!" So you set off into the night once nore, deterrruned to run the insane lunatic to ground and put an end to the nightmare that this ill-fated night has become. You soon find yourselves descending a path strewn with pernicious exposed roots. You become aware of distant yelps and howls. There is a sudden snarling roar behind you and you turn in time to see the monstrous Black Wolf launch itself from the deeper pools of darkness between the trees. But thls time it is Ulrich who tums out to be its target. The creature has fevenge on its mind. You hear a sickening crunch and Ulrich howls in pain as the wolf sinks its teeth into his throat. Then the woodsman lies still, You watch frozen for a moment in disbelieving horror, as the wolf rises from Ulrich's prone [orm and you realise that it is now standing on its hind legs. Only the qeature is a wolf no longer. Its body is shaped more like that of a man, although it is still covered in coarse black fur and has the unmistakeable snout and arrow- tip ears of a wolf. It has become something more than beast and less than human. Lips curling back from its bloodied fangs, the Black Werewolf growls, its bestial voice full of menace, and turns towards you. You have no choice but to fight BLACK WEREWOLF SKILL? STAMINA 3 The beast will not run from this fight and you will not let it. One way or another, this will be a fight to the death. If you prevail, turn to 229

=== SECTION 33 | PDF PAGE 20 ===

As you gaze around the chamber, your vision blun momentarily and then nefocuses, only now everything is suffused with an orange glow. Burning torches hav appeared in cast iron brackets on the walls. That is no the only change; you are no longer alone either. Fivs other people have joined you in the vault. They are each standing a few feel from the edge of the pit facing the gapmg hole. They are chanting the same phrase over and over, esoteric words that mear nothing to you, but words of power nonetheless. They are carrying oul some kind of invocation, the echoe of their chanting oul of time with thelr voices, creating an unsettling resonance that fills the vaulted space None of them appears to be aware of you presence. A they continue their rile, you examine each of the individuals in turn. The first upon whom your gaze falls is an attractive, black-haired woman wilh one eyebrow raised. She wears a revealing, low-cut blach 2) bodice and long velvet skirts. Next around the circle is -) « platinum-haired younger woman with striking 1) aristocratic features, her stim figure hidden beneath yp the drapery of a velvet cape. The third is a monk, only the white skin of his hands and face visible outside his ») heavy-cowled habit. Then there is another woman wearing a midnight-blue gown embroidered with "ar and moons. She wears numerous charms on chains around her neck, suggesting she is an initiate ' | of the magic arts. Finally, there is a tal), raven-haired » man, muscularly built and wearing a garish muffled stun, open to the waist, and a crushed velvet jacket The man's dark hair falls in a Huck mane around his shoulders, a weve of white hair running through it from the middle of his forehead. Each of the people ©& holding something in their hands. The wolfish- »)) looking man holds a shining sword in front of him, its 1) Op resting on the lip of the pit. With one abrupt action ») be hurls the sword mto the hungry black maw of ») Se pit. Each of the others in turn toss the relics of Steir former lives into the pit, their chanting rising im pitch and intensity. Their voices are jomed by a 1) booming bellow, that rises from the depths of the pit and thick shadow-black smoke begins to rise from the darkness below. Something has been summoned from 7 the pit Silence returns, sudden as a clap of thunder, leaving ') only the echo of its passing behind. The light fades ") the gloom retums, and your vision of the vault is gone. Turn to 214

=== SECTION 34 | PDF PAGE 21 ===

In frustration, you hurl a wrought-iron candelabra at Obsidian Mirror, hoping to reveal its secrets that way. The black glass shatters, splintering into a thou- sand razor-sharp shards, as does your own reflection Atthe same moment, your body has received a mulH- tude of horrendous stabbing wounds and you drop to your knees. Gasping in agony, you catch a sliver of Four reflection in an obsidian splinter. There is some- thing increasingly bestial about the expression that snarls back at you. For your rash action you have suffered the Curse of the Mirror. Roll one dice and lose that many STAMINA points. If you are still alive, also add 7 to your CHANGE score. There is nothing left for sou to do here and so you have to re turn to the Map Room and proceed from there. Turn to 321

=== SECTION 35 | PDF PAGE 21 ===

You crouch over the body of the werewolf, lantern in one hand and sword ready in the other. Before your eves the creature undergoes one final transformation You watch appalled as the beast sheds much of its thick black hair and the corpse becomes that of a pale- skinned, wild-haired man, missing his left hand Suddenly aware of a snuffling sound behind you, you forn and come face-to-face with what looks like a fotious prizzly bear. Then you see that it is dressed in the tattered clothes of your woodsman ally. It takes wou 2 moment to realise the terrible bth of what has fappened before the Werebear 18 on you, terrible steel- deeeer claws ready to tear you limb from limb, and in that split second the beast cuffs you with one mighty paw (lose 2 STAMINA points). You have no choice but to fight your ershwhile fend WEREBEAR SKILL§ §STAMINA 10 If the Werebear wounds you three times or more add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle turn to 200

=== SECTION 36 | PDF PAGE 24 ===

The Countess' servant swoops down on you, seizing your shoulders in its claw-footed grasp. With two strong wing-beats, the Werebat hauls you up into the vault of the dome. When you are some height above the chamber floor, it lets ga of you again. You crash down onto the cold marble with bone-shattering force. Lose 4 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point (unless you have the Quickening special ability, in which case you simply lose 3 stammna points). If you survive the fall, you cannot rest as you must finish your fight with Werebat. If you win, tarn to 68

=== SECTION 37 | PDF PAGE 24 ===

The cottage shudders with a resounding crash as something throws itself at the bolted door. Incredibly the wolves are attacking the cottage, trying to force their way in. You are going to have to help defend Grandmother Zekova's home from the creatures' determined assault There are three ways into the cottage, the door by which you entered and fwo windows. Ulrich, Grand- mother Zekova and you all guard one entrance each Choose who is covering each entrance. Eight wolves will attempt to break into the building. Roll one dice for each wolf, On a roll of 1 or 2 the wolf charges the s00r; ona roll of 3 or 4 it attacks the first window; ona toll of 5 or 6 the creature assaults the second window The door can resist one wolf attack; Uirich will be able & kill Gvo wolves before any of the animals can get past him and into the cottage; Grandmother Zekova «an dispatch one wolf with her trusty frying pan Sefore any others get the better of her. Any wolves hat you must face you fight one ata time, adding one @ your Attack Strength because you are defending a harrow Opening WOLVES SKILL6 STAMINA - £ you win, you will then have to do away with any her wolves that have managed to enter the cottage 7 Once you have dispatched any remaining wolves DP with ihe pack's attack repelled the wizened old wisewoman turns to you, fixing you with her needling @e. 'Tell me again about the creature that attacked you,' she says. If you have a Signet Ring, turn lo 369. If mot, turn bo 426

=== SECTION 38 | PDF PAGE 22 ===

Turning back, you retrace your sbeps through tl tumbledown warren of the ruins. You are within sig! of the spot where you entered the ruins when yc become aware of a skittering, scurrying sound Ire all around you. [ridescent black beetles scuttle acro the packed earth at your feet, while long-bodied cent pedes withe from between the bricks of the wal either side of you. Pale, almost luminous moths fluth down from outol the darkness. The oppressive feelin of an all-pervading evil intensifies as, right there front of you, beetles, moths, centipedes, worms ar spiders emerge from the shadows, scutthng, writhin and crawling over one another to forma swelling pi at your feet. In seconds this mass of gathering verm has become a pulsating mound of disgusting carric creatures, With a sudden upwards thrust the mass iny living things takes on a semi-humanaid form undulating body held together by the will of U malefic presence that lives within these ruins, t Vermin-Host reaches for you with hands drippiz with wriggling mealy bugs and, somewhere wilh the mass of creatures that you Inke to be a face dispusting maw opens, buf makes nosound. The orl thing you can hear is the incessant slithering, shitte ing rattle of the writhing invertebrates. You are poin to have to fight this bizarre manifestation of the ev possessing these ruins VERMIN-HOST SKILL6 STAMINA (see below To work out the YVermin-Host's STAMINA score, TU one dice and add 5; if you rola 6 also add 1 to ils sxi1 score. If you win this battle, the malign sentence i@) = holding the Vermin-Host together loses the power to at maintain a physical form and bursts apart like a ripe uw) boil, spiders, beetles, worms and other wriggling m) things raining down on top of you. But other than for abrief shuddering feeling of revulsion, you suffer no i lasting effects. Turn to 143

=== SECTION 39 | PDF PAGE 22 ===

Tugging the rusted grille free of the culvert opening 7) taking a deep breath, you craw! into the stinking tun- g) nel beyond. You have not gone far when you feel the f tunnel angle downwards dramatically and, without la.) any waming, find yourself slipping on the wet slime nt coating the pipe. Unable to control your descent, you Slide head first down the tunnel into the foetid of darkness beyond, Turn to 194

=== SECTION 40 | PDF PAGE 22 ===

We have a little time before sunset,' Konrad says, 'so "! rest awhile here and enjoy your meal' The headman 5" keeps you company as you gulp down your steaming *) =o bowl of stew. Several things he mentioned have af caught your attention, and there may be other things ¥ on your mind as well, of course. As you finish your "| meal you seize the opportunity to ask Konrad more a about the troubles besetting Strigoiva. Will you ask ' himabout The Headless Highwayman? Turn to 179 TheShuck? Turn to 157 1) Strigoiva's neighbouring settlements? Turn to132 Lt) The Howling? Turn to 109 Ly # Alternatively, if you have the codeword Avnkez recorded on your Adventure Sheet you may choose to Konrad about another matter altogether by turn to 61

=== SECTION 41 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

Making your way inside the gaping maw tent, you come face-to-face with a firé-ater, with the lattoo of a sinuous red dragon across his chest. The man sinks a burning torch into his throat, pulls it out and exhales flame imto the aix, to erles of wonder from the other Carnivale visitors, "Weleome to Crookshank's Cabinet Curiosities!" he declares, What curiosities they are! As you wander around the tent you see a bwo-headed sheep, a pair of conjoined juggling twins and a haJf- piantess. But then you come to the most mulated mutant of all. ln a large cage al the back of the tent 13 one of the most hideous and terrifying creatures you have ever seen. From the waist up it appears to be humanoid but from the waist down, itis whally snake and a large snake at thal. 'Serpensa the Snakewoman' a sign above the cage reads in gaucly red letters. As you approach, Serpensa hisses and darts her head close to the bars, her tail rattling ominously. You decide there is something unnatural about a snake- woman and, as a result, something sinister about a circus that would exhibit one. (Make sure that the codeword Epmarts is recorded on your Adventure Sheet.) You have seen enough. It is time to leave the Cabinet of Curiosities.Turn to 167

=== SECTION 42 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

Cautiously you approach the scything blade, judging your mament carefully. Test your Skill. If you are successful, bum to 206. If you are unsuccessful,turn to 447

=== SECTION 43 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

Spinning on your heel you hurl yourself away from the leader of the pack even as the monstrous wolf springs forwards, claws bared. But are your reflexes faster than thase of a deadly predator? Tes! your Skill If you succeed, turn to 191, [f you fail, barn to 254

=== SECTION 44 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

You follow the corridor until it ends at an open archway in the right-hand wall. Stepping through you find yourself in a cloistered courtyard. In front of you looms the impressive and yet, at the same time oppressive facade of the Abbey church. To your right another archway leads back to the main entrance lo the complex and in the left-hand wall of the cloister there is a closed oak door Will you enter the inner sanchom of the Abbey church (tun to 196), try the door in the left-hand wall (turn to 3§6), or turn right and make your escape from this accursed Abbey (turn to 98)? that split second the beast cuffs you with one mighty paw (lose 2 STAMINA points). You have no choice but to fight your ershwhile fend WEREBEAR SKILL§ §STAMINA 10 If the Werebear wounds you three times or more add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle turn to 200 The Countess' servant swoops down on you, seizing your shoulders in its claw-footed grasp. With two strong wing-beats, the Werebat hauls you up into the vault of the dome. When you are some height above the chamber floor, it lets ga of you again. You crash down onto the cold marble with bone-shattering force. Lose 4 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point (unless you have the Quickening special ability, in which case you simply lose 3 stammna points). If you survive the fall, you cannot rest as you must finish your fight with Werebat. If you win, tarn to 68 3? The cottage shudders with a resounding crash as something throws itself at the bolted door. Incredibly the wolves are attacking the cottage, trying to force their way in. You are going to have to help defend Grandmother Zekova's home from the creatures' determined assault There are three ways into the cottage, the door by which you entered and fwo windows. Ulrich, Grand- mother Zekova and you all guard one entrance each Choose who is covering each entrance. Eight wolves will attempt to break into the building. Roll one dice for each wolf, On a roll of 1 or 2 the wolf charges the s00r; ona roll of 3 or 4 it attacks the first window; ona toll of 5 or 6 the creature assaults the second window The door can resist one wolf attack; Uirich will be able & kill Gvo wolves before any of the animals can get past him and into the cottage; Grandmother Zekova «an dispatch one wolf with her trusty frying pan Sefore any others get the better of her. Any wolves hat you must face you fight one ata time, adding one @ your Attack Strength because you are defending a harrow Opening WOLVES SKILL6 STAMINA - £ you win, you will then have to do away with any her wolves that have managed to enter the cottage 7 Once you have dispatched any remaining wolves DP with ihe pack's attack repelled the wizened old wisewoman turns to you, fixing you with her needling @e. 'Tell me again about the creature that attacked you,' she says. If you have a Signet Ring, turn lo 369. If mot, turn bo 426

=== SECTION 45 | PDF PAGE 25 ===

Night comes and with it a horde of huge spiders emerges from the cave mouth, ready to hunt for their queen. The giant arachnids immediately pounce on you. There are too many of them for you to have any hope of defending yourself and you soon succumb to numerous venomous bites. Your adventure ends here

=== SECTION 46 | PDF PAGE 25 ===

You confnue your way through the woods undis- turbed by man or beast, the stands of beech and elm uncannily quiet. The sun sinks lower until the day is a mere purple-orange line on the horizon, half-¢limpsed through the gnarled and tangled trunks. With sunset almost done and moonrise well under way, you reach a crossroads in the forest path. Surprisinely, for sucha lonely, isclated place, there is a signpost with four place names marked on the four panels that point north-west, south-west, north-east and north-west respectively: Balei, Strigoiva, Vargenhof and Maun Having travelled from the west already, and sensing that your path lies towards the east, you ignore the other track that leads back west through the forest leaving you a choice of hwo routes. You have heard too many tales about what happens during the witching hour to spend a night in the open at a crossroads, So will you head north-east towards Vargenhof, indi- cated in gothic leering on a larger sign (tur to 499 » follow the Maun path south-east (turn to 438)?

=== SECTION 47 | PDF PAGE 25 ===

Count Varcolac, I have not fought my way across many leagues to join you in your debauched cele- bration of the evil curse that has this land within its cruel grasp!' you declare. 'Thave come here to kill you to liberate Lupravia and free myself from the Curse of Werewolf.' Brave words,' Varcolac counters, 'but I have endured long and have learnt how to use my gift to the best of my ability, whereas you are yet to embrace its power 1 How can you hope te best me, Count Varcolac, Prince Lupravia, the Wulfen Lord?' With that the Count snaps his fingers and the huge wolves pad towards you, hungry for a kill. If you have the Cail of the Wild special ability, turn to 247. If not you are going to have to fight these creatures together if you are to pet to Y¥arcolac SKILL STAMINA First DIRE WOLF =) B Second DIRE WOLF & 9 Wf you kill Varcolac's lupine bodyguards, turn to 513

=== SECTION 48 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

Trusting your instincts, Katya directs the horses onto this new track. You cling onto the roof of the jolting camage as it bumps and bounces over exposed tree- Toots and deep potholes, determined not to fall off And your ploy appears to have worked. The sounds of the pursuing pack fade as the stagecoach follows this less well-used route through the night-shrouded forest. At last the uneven, winding path loops back towards the most direct route through the forest anc rejoins the main highway. With no little satisfaction you start to think you might have left the hunting pack behind for good. Tumi to 239-

=== SECTION 49 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

In the drama and tension of the moment, time seems to slow as you discharge your weapon, the Werebeast appearing to freeze midleap. And then your projectile finds its mark and the passage of ime returns to normal. With a howl of rage and pain the Werebeast crashes down on the roof of the coach, claws splinter- ing the wood mere inches from you.Turn to 480

=== SECTION 50 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

An evil practitioner of the Black Aris lies dead at your leet: you were right not to trust this servant of the Dark Powers, for who knows what vile witchcrafi she might have used on you, given the chance. (Restore 1 LUCK point.) There is litte the crone has that you could possibly want, or use, but hwo things intrigue you: her book and the bubbling concoction steadily simmering om the hearth The bubbling brew doesm't seem to smel| quite so nowious any more. Do you want to Look at the cones book? Turn to 338 Sample some of the concoction she was busy brewing? Turn to 119 Leave the kitchen and take the other passageway leading from the entrance hall? Turn to 340 1 . Leave and ascend the grand staircase to the double doors? Turn to 146

=== SECTION 51 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

The Calf of the Wild - You have gained a howl like a wolf, which those you fight will find very unnerving When you use this new ability in bate you may reduce the Attack Strength of your opponent by 1 point. However, it wil! not affect magical creatures artificial constructs or the Undead. Make a note of this new specal ability on your Adoenture Sheet and then turn to the paragraph with the same number as the one you were last instructed to write down 4) " _- i. 2 i alae t j call ee ee ele jE - = fy (3 i ee Sees AN ¢" Li bee yp Bs 2 Beas ee a ¥ 1. il} al Wipe : iE iB ' Wa Naw ne ya mane ui i a mes (ire a Ab a, F i | tees a sh N et eye WN We eaeay, eee 'fp bg idle INNS OC iE Zee) RBC oJ ee eee Ee y = eels =: AN A ye

=== SECTION 52 | PDF PAGE 27 ===

I hy Even as the woman's beguiling powers are beginning to take effect, a persistent part of your subconscious ' screams at you to break eye contact; the Lady of Maun is trying to mesmerise you with her hypnotic gaze Through sheer strength of will alone, you force yourself tolook away, freeing yourself ofthe Countess' enchantment. She hisses in frustration, like a wildcat but takesa step away from you. "Very well,' she spits 'let's see what manner of creature you truly are.' She casts a dagger-glance at her manservant. 'Kill the intruder. Put the animal down,' she says with icy malice The Countess' manservant steps between you and his mistress. He opens his mouth and utters a shrill piercing cry. Your eyes fixed on the gaunt-faced man in appalled wonder, you watch as he undergoes a hideous and terifying transformation, His limbs warp and distort, his arms contracting into his body even as his finger bones lengthen, membranes of leathery skin unfurling between them. The man's ears become pointed and pronounced as his nose becomes an ugly snout. His body, now entirely covered in bristly fur, bursts free of his clothes. No longer a man but a monstrous bat with a wingspan nearing twelve feet, the Countess Iselde's servant dives for you trying to snatch you up in his clawed feet. With the Werebat suspended in the air in front of you, buffeting you with every beat of its wings, you retaliate with your own weapon WEREBAT SKILLB STAMINA®B If the Werebat wins hwo consecutive Attack Rounds turn at once to 36. Also, if the Werebat wounds you more than twice, add 1 to your CHANGE score as the ereature's own strain of lycanthropy accelerates the spread of the disease in your body. If you manage to kill the shape-changing servant, turn to 69

=== SECTION 53 | PDF PAGE 28 ===

There ls something deeply unnerving about the farm Wheat has been left to rot in the fields and everywhere you see signs of neglect. As the rain drums down around you, keeping caution foremost in your mind will you approach the farm directly along the muddy track that leads to the farmyard (turn to 420), via the wheat-field to your left (turn to 460), or across the muddy pasture to the right of the road (turn to 393}? On the other hand you may now prefer to hum back and leave this place (turn to 484

=== SECTION 54 | PDF PAGE 28 ===

Plumbus Gelt's stall is arrayed with all manner o! coloured glass potion bottles and the other accou- trements befitting a work-a-day alchernist. There is a crucible set above a small, smouldering brazier, 4 pestle and mortar, as well as ingots of metal still to be worked. You get chatting with the eccentric alchemist all patched robes, wild hair and scorched eyebrows - who happily divulges the properties of his wares and their prices. You may buy one of each of the items listed below, as long as you have enough money (and any other special materials required Healing Potion Cosi: 4 Gold Pieces Drinking this potion will restore your STAMINA score to its /ritial level and reduce your CHANGE score by 2 Elistr of Expertise Cost: 6 Gold Pieces This potion will restore your SKILL score to its Initial fevel and will increase your Attack Strength by 1 point for the first battle you fight afler consuming the elixir Fare-Thee-Well Cost: 5 Gold Pieces When drunk, this potion restores your LUCK score to Intiiol level. The next ime you have to Test your tuck after drinking the potion you do not need to roll amy dice as you will be Lucky automatically and will pot need to lose 1 LUCE point either Lead Bullets Cosi: 4 Gold Pieces You can purchase six lead bullets for use with a Flintlock Pistol for a reasonable price. If you already have such a pistol you will] know how to use them Silver Bullets Cost: 6 Geld Pieces # you have an item of silver (such as a Silver Dagger Salver Cross or Silver Candlesticks) the alchemist can 'melt down the precious metal to make six silver bullets. Plumbus will melt down 4 maximum of two silver items for you. As this is a relatively laborious Process there will not be time for him to make more than bwelve bullets in total f iron Padlock Cost: 5 Gald Pieces As described, this is a large, iran padlock, which comes with its own set of keys Hrass Key Cost: 4 Gatd Pieces Plumbus claims he cannot recall how he came by this key, nor what it is that it opens, but it is such a large and finely wrought piece = ensorcelled with silver filigree - that it must be valuable in its own right When you have finished making your purchases, you may peruse the market for more practical pieces of equipment (turn to 170), join with the hunting party outside the meeting hall (turn to 201) or leave the town without any further delay (turn to 507

=== SECTION 55 | PDF PAGE 29 ===

The contorted shadow-shapes of stunted moorland trees come and go through the fog so that you cannot even use the bleak, rocky bluffs of the landscape or the dark quagmire pools of peat bogs as effective way- markers. Strangely muffled hoots and echoing eroaking cries add to the eerie atmosphere of the moors. To try to go back now would be as hopeless as to continue your directionless wandering. So you Press on and after another hour you realise that you are totally lost. Test your Luek. If you are Lucky, turn to 272. If you are Unlucky, turn to 27

=== SECTION 56 | PDF PAGE 29 ===

The Tower of Maun, forbidding fortified domain of Countess Isolde, stands on a blasted escarpment overlooking the village, which appears almost to sower under its ever-present shadow. The sun has already set by the time you reach the tower and you are surprised to find the gatehouse unmanned However, something makes you feel uneasy, goose- flesh rising on your arms and the hairs on the back of Your neck standing on end. Crossing the bridge - which spans a chasme-rift in the cliff in front of the 'wer - unhindered, you enter the high-walled court- yard that stands beneath the looming tower, The Sudden snarling that greets you makes you start but is not entirely unexpected. Two large, lean and hungry- looking dogs bound out of the gathering shadows halting a few feet from you. The animals are wearing heavy spiked iron collars, their fur matted with dried blood. The dogs fix you with red-eyed stares, their Eps curling back threateningly, revealing horribly elongated canine teeth. There is something evil and other-worldly about these creatures: in the next moment they bound forward to attack. If you have the Gail of the Wild special ability and wish to use it now turn to 71. If not, you will have to meet the dogs' dreadful teeth and claws with the keen edge of your blade SEILL STAMINA First FANG HOUND 7 6 Second FANG HOUND é 7 you win your battle with the bloodthirsty dogs, you furning to 102). However, before you do so, if the Sattle lasts longer than six Attack Rounds, add 1 to your ALARM score, Also, if you suffer more than three wounds add 1 lo your CHANGE score 5? And it was then that the wolves attacked,' you explain, coming to the end of your story. Their leader was a monstrous black beast the like of which I have never seen before, nor do [ wish to again, for it bit me here," you add pointing to your shoulder. Without even a by your leave, the man suddenly rips open your hunic to see the walf-bite for himself. He gasps in horror and recoils. Glancing sideways, you cannol contain your own appalled cry of disgust as you see the skin surrounding the spot where the Black Wolf bit you now bristling with black hair. (Add 1 CHANGE point Get away from here! the villager demands, his stern voice edged with wavering fear. "Leave Strigoiva now and never return!' Will you do as [he man says (tum le 202), or will you try to explain that you are as much the victim as anyone, considering the circumstances, and try to persuade him thal you mean him and the other villagers no harm (turn to 246)? 4s you tug on the rope, a bell rings somewhere inside the complex. When several minutes have passed and nothing has happened, you try again. This hme the slap of sandals on stone approaches the door from the other side, there is the rattle and grate of bolts being drawn back, and then the creak of hinges as the door opens. A black-rmobed monk stands there, his face cutirely hidden by the cowl he wears. 'Well met taveller," the monk says. 'What brings you to the Abbey of the Black Monks this night?' How will you reply? Will you Tell the monk that you are a lone traveller in need of shelter for the night? Turn to 129 Admit that you are travelling the land seeking a cure for the lycanthropy you have contracted? Turn to 75 This way,' the beggar says as you follow him into the alleyway. He scampers away from you along the harrow space between close buildings. AE the end of

=== SECTION 57 | PDF PAGE 30 ===

the alley he sweeps aside a ragged piece of sackcloth to reveal a grate. He yanks this open and drops dawn mlo the darkness beneath, 'Come on," he calls from Below. The unearthly growling is nearing the end of

=== SECTION 58 | PDF PAGE 30 ===

the alleyway, so you drop through the hole after the old man, pulling the grate shut above you This way,' the beggar calls and trots away along the stinking sewer tunnel you find yourselfin. Seeing that vou have little option other than to keep alter him, as ica you travel through the sewer, bent almost double, you ask, "Where are we going? How much further is it?' This should be far enough, the man chuckles and tums to face you. As he does so, you see that his body ischanging shape. His face stretches intoa pronounced snout, his ears stretch to points, fingers and toes become talons and claws, and a hairless tail exirudes from the base of his spine, Your supposed saviour was just after you for himself, With a shrieking cry, almost like a furious squeaking, the Wererat attacks WERERAT SKILL8 STAMINA6 If the Wererat wounds you more than twice add 1 to YOUur CHANGE score, If you defeat it, you see greying sky through another grilled opening above you Climbing rusted rungs to this grate you push it open and assess where you are now. Turn to 4go

=== SECTION 59 | PDF PAGE 30 ===

This way,' the beggar says as you follow him into the alleyway. He scampers away from you along the harrow space between close buildings. AE the end of the alley he sweeps aside a ragged piece of sackcloth to reveal a grate. He yanks this open and drops dawn mlo the darkness beneath, 'Come on," he calls from Below. The unearthly growling is nearing the end of the alleyway, so you drop through the hole after the old man, pulling the grate shut above you This way,' the beggar calls and trots away along the stinking sewer tunnel you find yourselfin. Seeing that vou have little option other than to keep alter him, as ica you travel through the sewer, bent almost double, you ask, "Where are we going? How much further is it?' This should be far enough, the man chuckles and tums to face you. As he does so, you see that his body ischanging shape. His face stretches intoa pronounced snout, his ears stretch to points, fingers and toes become talons and claws, and a hairless tail exirudes from the base of his spine, Your supposed saviour was just after you for himself, With a shrieking cry, almost like a furious squeaking, the Wererat attacks WERERAT SKILL8 STAMINA6 If the Wererat wounds you more than twice add 1 to YOUur CHANGE score, If you defeat it, you see greying sky through another grilled opening above you Climbing rusted rungs to this grate you push it open and assess where you are now. Turn to 4go

=== SECTION 60 | PDF PAGE 31 ===

Despite all your exertions over the last day you push your body into a sprint. Leg muscles burning in protest, you hare along the road, fatigue giving way to an adrenalin-fuelled burst of speed. But you can still hear the hooves pounding after you, getting closer all the time, and the desperate panting of the horse joined by the maniacal laughter of its rider. Then the racing phantom horse is next to you and the rider kicks oul with a heavy booted heel, planting it squarely in the middle of your back You are sent sprawling on the hard-packed earth of the road and cul your leg open on an exposed flint. (Lose 2 STAMINA points.} The ghostly rider races away ahead of you down the road and then is gone, like mist on the night- breeze, the echo of maniacal laughter lingering for a moment after the apparition has vanished. Picking yourself up, you hobble the last hundred yards to the coaching inn. Turn to 6

=== SECTION 61 | PDF PAGE 31 ===

Considering the startling stories Grandmother Zekova J old you, will you ask the headman if he knows anything about The House of Wulfen and Mad Prince Garoul? Turn to 284 the village of Wulfenstein? Turn to 318 Werewolves maming the countryside? Turn to 339

=== SECTION 62 | PDF PAGE 31 ===

Revealed as the Werebeast at last, Burgomaster Straub undergoes a terrifying transformation. His clothes are shredded as his metamorphosing body swells beyond all reckoning. The Burgomaster must have had his clothes hidden close by so that when you and Katya pursued him back to Vargenhof he just had time to dothe himself so as not to arouse any further SUSPi- cons. Butnow, his terrible, murderous secret revealed Werebeast of Varpenhof has nothing to lose and everything to gain, if he can escape. Ignoring you, the monster bats the Burgomaster's fellow townsmen aside in its bid for freedom. Fighting its way through the startled, screaming onlookers, the Werebeast bursts from the meeting hall with you in hot pursuit Running onall fours, the hulking Beast easily outpaces you. It flees into the night along the road that leads further north and east into the Orsov Mountains There is the clatter of iron-shod hooves and banded wheels on cobbles, the rattle of hamess, the sharp whinny of horses, and then Katya is next lo you reir ing in two horses pulling a requisitioned stagecoach behind them. 'Quickly, get on board!' she shouts. You stand there staring at her in dumbfounded amaze- Tent, 'It's the only way we have any chance of catel- ing up with thal monster and bringing Burgomaster Straub to justice!' Hi-yah!' Katya shouts as she cracks the reins, and the stagecoach flies out of the town gates. The moon is nsing, icy-white beyond the mountains. Katya urges the horses onwards along the road that leads from Vargenhof to the furthest inhabited point in all Lupravia - Wulfenstein. Towering dark pines press ir from either side of the road and you find yoursell seized by doubt. When you left Vargenhof you and Were-hunter had been chasing down the Were beast but now you are out in the wilds, you get the feeling that the tables have been hurned, as myriad red j c- > 2. nied "eyes appear between the trees to your left. The wolves "ee running again: the hunters have become the anted. Behind the pack you can see the black shape of the Werebeast as it runs with the wolves, guiding bbem towards their larget - the stagecoach! A fork in the road appears, curving sharply away to = right. Will you urge Katya to take this diversion um to 48) or will you Jet her keep to her current Surse along the main highway (turn to 166}?

=== SECTION 63 | PDF PAGE 32 ===

She Hall of Mirrors isn't very impressive: it's not very Sree for a start, and seeing yourself morphed to be aller and thinner, or shorter and fatter, than you really i) are can only be so funny for so long. The longer you =>d yourself staring at the distorting, mirrors the =ore uncomfortable you begin to feel, until you Secome paranoid that others can see you for how you Suly are. The claustrophobic confines created by the mirrors is also starting to get to you. Roll two dice. If 7 fe talal rolled is less than or equal te your CHANGE are,turn to g2. [Fit is greater, burn lo 7a

=== SECTION 64 | PDF PAGE 32 ===

The wordless voice speaks to you in a language that Seething deep inside you understands, and that Sew entity awakening within you responds to its call 46 if ina dream, you approach the reedly bank of the pool and without a moment's hesitation dive head- fong into its reed-choked depths. In the dark waters of the pool, you can stil] see the way forward thanks te an eerie, ali-pervading emerald luminescence. Then is magic at work here, a primal magic that speaks t you of the wild, untamed places of the world. Frond of water-weed sway before you, but you brush pas them as you swim deeper and deeper, on towards thi source of the mournful singing, which you can stl hear despite being far beneath the surface of the poo! And then, between the spiralling fronds, you see then - three beautiful maidens, their long green hai streaming out around them like pondweed ane veiling their fish-white nakedness. The dirge of th Daughters of the Drowned fills you with a heart rending pity that is hard to resist. Test your Skill adding 2 to the total rolled. If you succeed, turn to 388 but if you fail,turn to 213

=== SECTION 65 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

Armed and with your ire up, you leap at the cantan kerous old witch who shrieks while trying to strik you with her crackling wand CRONE SKILL6 STAMINA If the witch manages to hit you, by winning an Attad Round, roll one dice and consult the table below to se what damage il does Dice Roll Damage 1-2 Lose 2 STAMINA points 4-4 Lose 3 STAMINA points 5 Lose 2 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point 6 Lose 2 STAMINA points, 1 LUCK pointand add 1 to your CHANGE score Mf you reduce the witch's sraMIna score to 2 points or y | less, turn to 359

=== SECTION 66 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

Feeling the familiar, reassuring weight of the blade in ') your hand, you take deep, measured breaths to calm -) yourself, and prepare to meet the beast's attack, With 2snarl, the creature is on you BLACK WOLF SKILL& = STAMINAG After two further Attack Rounds, or if you reduce the 7 "Black Wolf's stasamna to 7 or less, whichever comes S0oner, turn at once to 271

=== SECTION 67 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

*u toss the dagger across the chamber, where it =2tters to the ground at the monster's feet. 'My pretty Frecious,' she coos. 'My silvery darling, my shining Sparpness.' As the spidercreature hisses over the Seger you have time to act while she is distracted 4 Will you St Gre to her webs (if you have a lantern > ingood working order}? Turn to 125 arn tail and mun for it? Turn to 498 Sharge the spider-monster with weapon in hand? Turn to 242

=== SECTION 68 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

== shape-shifting servant dead, with a banshee Steam the Countess throws herself at you, claws and femgs revealed, The deceptive mask of apparently alluring beauty is gone, with the Lady of Maun revealed now in her true bat-like undead form. You are going to have to defend yourself. If you have a Silver Cross and want to use it, or a Pair of Silver Candlesticks with which you can improvise,turn to 347. Li net, bun bo 144

=== SECTION 69 | PDF PAGE 34 ===

You walk for the best part of the moming, your well- paced footsteps carrying you to the village of Balci Uke architecture of the buildings reminds you of the distinctive style of Strigeiva, all sharply pointed roofs and gable-ends. What makes Balci so different is the huddle of multicoloured tents pitched outside it. The Camivale is in town. The sound ef accordion music teaches your ears along with the 'oohs' and 'ahhs' of a captivated audience. A few villagers are drifting in and out of the entrance. A board beneath the entrance banner declares that the entry fee is 2 Gold Pieces and standing next to that is a grotesque little man - almost Dwarfsh in his proportions. Barely a metre tall, with alarge prinnine face and spindly limbs, he is dressed © the most ontandish and brightly coloured clothes rou think you have ever seen, crowned with a black bop hat. If you have the codeword Retsis written on Tour Adventure Sheet, tuum bo 4. If not, a visit fo the Camivale might be just what you need ta give you an hour's respite from the rigours of your mission. Do You want to pay the 2 Gold Pieces and enter the Carnivale (turn to 134), or will you pass by and enter the village of Balci itself (turn to 26)?

=== SECTION 70 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The tunnel that lies beyond the cave entrance winds f its way up inside the peak. When the daylight thal seeps in from outside is but the merest glimmer, you emerge from the twisting passageway and step down into a broad, low-ceilinged gallery. Not including the tunnel you entered by, there are four further tunnel leading to elsewhere within the cave network. The rough walls of each is shot through with differen coloured seams of quartz crystals. (While you are exploring the cave network inside the Sundered Peak make a careful note of the paragraph number of each new caver you enter. If you find yourself retuming to somewhere you have already been, unless you are specifically told otherwise, you may skip the encounter described at that paragraph and go straigh? lo the exit options listed at the end}. Which way do you want to go now? The white quartz funnel? Turn tog The blue crystal passageway? Turn to 415 The green crystal path? Tumi to 31 The narrower yellow crystal tunnel? Turn to 159 The wider tunnel with the rumour of daylight at its end? Turn to 331

=== SECTION 71 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The howl rises from deep inside your chest and rever- berates around the walls of the courtyard. Hearing the sound, the Fang Hounds break off their attack and run whimpering back to their den beneath the walls. U you have the codeword Netheir written on yous Adventure Sheet, turn to 89. If not, you are able to -) = approach the tower unhindered (turn to 102

=== SECTION 72 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The table and chair clatter to the floor, now just chopped firewood. You freaze, your heart racing, your breathing shallow. Someone must have heard the fight and you remain exactly where you are, half- expecting the landlord to burst m at any moment. But noonecomes, With the poltergeist activity apparently done with, you try to settle down again. As you lie awake, unable to sleep, thanks to the adrenalin still > coursing through your system, you hear the sound of door opening followed by the creak of floorboards " as somebody makes their way down the corridor lo 7 the stairs. But who would be moving argund the inn > in the middle of the night? Will you satisfy your = curiosity and investigate further (turn to 429), or will you stay where you are for the rest of the night (urn toraji

=== SECTION 73 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The Cadaver drops to the Hoor and is motionless again, as Doktor Kafka sits up, rubbing his head. 'She knows we are coming!' Van Richten hisses, his expression as dark as ever. "The situation is even more dire than I had imagined.' While you are hunting down the Vampiress, she will be preparing for your arcival; keep track of how mruch advance waming she 7 hasby means of an ALARM rabng. Write down on your Adveriure Sheet that your ALARM rating is currently 1 Any combats you tackle from now on, until you are informed ctherwise, you will face with Van Richten fighting at your side. When faced with hwo opponents you need only fight the first one to win that battle, as Vampire Hunter, who is a consummate swords- man, will do away with the other. His attributes are SKILL 16, STAMINA g. If you face only one opponent you will gain twa Attacks, both of which can injure that opponent. In this case, if injuries are sustained they will only effect you on a dice roll of 1-3. Keep a careful note of Van Richten's STAMINA score as well If he dies in battle you will have to continue alone Cross off the codeword Nethcir from your Adventure Sheet This Hime we were gone,' Van Richten says, eager tobe away. The two of you set off for the home of the Countess Isolde, the forbidding Tower of Maun. Turn to 56

=== SECTION 74 | PDF PAGE 36 ===

Descending the steps, you find yourself in the damp musty tunnels of the castle's dungeon levels. Ir is as you are exploring these chambers and corridors that you hear a wailing howl, the like of which you have heard before in the realm of the Lords of Lupravia. As you prepare to defend yourself, something resembling a decomposing wolf erupts from the darkness Snatling with insane hunger, the Werewarg attacks WEREWARG RKILLF STAMINA If you are wounded more than twice, add 2 to your CHANGE score, If you kill the undead werewolf you decide that these dungeons have nothing more to offer you and so re turn to where you first entered the castle. Will you now take the other passageway that leads from the hall (turn to 319), or climb the staircase to the second set of double doors (turn to 146)?

=== SECTION 75 | PDF PAGE 36 ===

Itisa daringly honest move, but one which pays off Then I think we can help you,' the monk says in response to your brave admission. 'Come with me.' He leads you inside the complex, taking you to the Abbey's herbalist, This monk is robed like the first, his face hidden, but he welcomes you into his warkshep where he quickly sets lo work. In no time at all it seems, he has prepared you a concoction made fram the distilled essences of various plants. You give ita sniff: the panacea smells strongly of mint. "This clixir is something of my own making. There is a litte valerian in there, and a drop or bwo of belladonna extract, along with other ingredients, but it should do the trick. Now, drink deeply and finish all of the draught.' With nervous excitement you take the elixir from the herbalist. Could this really be the end to your quest? Could it really be this simple? Do you want to down the draught in one go, as the monk instructed? Iisa, turn to 91; if not, barn to 108

=== SECTION 76 | PDF PAGE 36 ===

With a wailing cry from the Headless Highwayman the phantom horse launches itself skyward. Meg screams as she too is carried off, the horse palloping away towards the cold orb of the moon and into the next world. Meg and the Highwayman were lovers in life and afler lus death she recovered his severed head Tuloring herself in the Dark Arts, she used the skull to summon his spirit back to the Barthly Plane to be with her. By your actions you have broken her evil spell and banished the ghost of Lord 'Filthy' Lucre back to the hell where he belongs. (Regain 1 LUCK point.) The last discernible words you hear are Meg's. "No, nat like this!' she screams. 'Tt wasn't meant to be like this!' And then the ghostly rider and his sorceress lover are gone. The only sound that remains is that of the wind whistling over the moors Considering what you have been party to at The Gibbet Tree there is no way that you can stay here a moment longer. It will be a night on the moors for you after all Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, moming comes cold and grey and you are on your way again (tium to 69 If you are Unlucky, turn to 466

=== SECTION 77 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

Taking a firm hold of the Iron Red you hurl it at the construct-creahure as if it were a spear. Test your Skill If you are successful, tucn lo 22, 1f you fail, incredibly you miss your target (tuum bo 152

=== SECTION 78 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

On the verge of screaming, you clin out of the Hall Mirrors, overwhelmed by the feelings of paranoia and claustrophobia. Add 1 to your CHANGE score and make sure that the codeword Eadrts is recorded on yourAdpenturc Shect before turn to 167

=== SECTION 79 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

*natching the crone's Cook Book from your pack you > 'lick fo the correct page and begin tnloning the Transfiguration Spell. As the words of power lake 2ffect you walch as Varcolac doubles up in pain, his cody wracked by further changes. His fangs and claws lengthen further, as do his arms and Jegs. The Transfiguration Spell has certainly worked on the Count, but it has made him even more like the savage wolf he is steadily becoming; it has not had the cippling influence you had hoped. When youcome 'o fight the Arch-Lycanthrope you must add 1 SKILL aoint and 3 STAMINA points to his statistics before you resolve the combat. Wath a roar of rage, the Varcolac- wolf leaps at you, teeth bared. Lose 1 Luck point and turn to 150

=== SECTION 80 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

Approaching the wide-arched entrance to the sanc- cuary of the church, you hear an ominous staccato drumming. The sound betrays the presence of your would-be ambushers, Two robed monks emerge Irom either side of the pillared archway, They are dressed in the same all-enclosing black robes but, as they move to attack, the hood of one of the monks falls back from his head. With a sharp intake of breath you see that his head is halfway between that of a cockroach and a man, as black and hard as obsidian. As the mandibled monk hisses at you, malformed jaws clacking, the second monk advances, reaching for you from within the voluminous sleeves of his habit. The sleeves fall back bo reveal mants-like claws where ihe monk's arms should be. You have no choice but to fight the Black Monks together SKILL STAMINA MANDIBLED MONK 7 7 MANTIS MONK 8 6 If you manage to defeat both mulated monks, turn bo 262

=== SECTION 81 | PDF PAGE 38 ===

As you unsheathe the Wulfen Sword you see some- thing like recognition in the Werewolf's eyes and the creature recoils from you, allowing you to get in an uncontested strike before it retaliates. As with any other were-creature, the Wulfen Sword will cost the Arch-Lycanthrope 3 STAMINA points of damage rather than the usual 2) with every successful strike However, the sword seems to held some other power over the transformed Varcolac and for the duration of your battle against the monshous Prince of Lupravia px, EES You may teduce his siti score by 1 point. Regain 1 LUCK point for having this advantage and turn to 150

=== SECTION 82 | PDF PAGE 38 ===

Wandering the market square you find all manner of peddlers and traders selling their goods. But one stall attracts your particular attention. It is hung with a garish banner declaring that it belongs to "Plumbus Gelt = Alchemist and Metallurgist'. Do you want to spend a little time perusing the alchemist's stall (turn to 54) or would you rather scour the market square for more practical items of equipment (turn to 170)? Altematively, if you wish, you may join the hunting party in front of the meeting hall (burn to 201) or simply quit Lhe town (hirn to 507

=== SECTION 83 | PDF PAGE 38 ===

Retracing your steps, you make your way back through the tabyninthine ruins. You pass through a broken colonnade of gargoyle-infested columns. The smal] stone carvings of the demonic imps glower down at you with malevolenidly narrowed eyes and leering, fang-filled smiles. A sinister, high-pitched chuckle echoes from the broken walls either side of you, followed by the abrasive sound of stone scraping on stone. In the encroaching darkness you glimpse movement, but what you think you see causes you to doubt your own eyes. it must be a trick of the failing half-lighl Then you see it again, and now there cannot be any doubl. The stone-carved imps, which moments before were clinging lo the lops of the shattered columns, are scrambling down from their perches and advancing towards you, predatory smiles wide, stone claws outstretched. The malefic presence haunting this place has taken physical form, manifesting in the animated stone imps. Once again you find yourself fighting for your life. Fight the Grinnyeogs at the same time SKILL STAMINA First GRINNYGOG 6 5 second GEINNYGOG 5 6 Third GRINNYGOG 7 6 Fourth GRINNYGOG 6 5 If you win, the malicious sentience animating the stone imps is forced to quit the statues. The Grinny- gogs shatter, now just so many shards of splintered stone, Unable to rid yourself of the lingering feeling of unease YOU hurry away from the ruins as quickly as you can. Turn to 144

=== SECTION 84 | PDF PAGE 39 ===

Unable ta haul yourself out of the bog you continue to sink. Soon the clinging mud is up to your neck. Finally with a disgusting sucking belch, the bog closes over your head and swallows you up. Your eyes see nothing but smothering darkness as the bog draws » you down into its foetid depths. You involuntarily gasp for air, swamp water rushing in to fill your lungs You drown in the depths of the bog. Your life and your adventure are over

=== SECTION 85 | PDF PAGE 39 ===

Cutting the bodies free of the webs, you are not sucprised to find that they are those of two dead zoblins. They are wearing rough hide clothes and have small leather backpacks. In one you find a pouch <ontaining a lotal of 8 Gold Pieces and in the other no money, buta finely crafted Silver Dagger instead. The byo goblins were obviously thieves but it looks like they got their come-uppance. Where they stole the dagger from, you have ne idea Irvou take the Silver Dagger, add it to your Equipment jist and write the codeword Sanbog on your Adventure siicet, You may alse use the dagger in combat, if you wish, but because it is not as long as your sword p cor balanced in the same way; if you do so you must tight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point Injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were' in its name, however, will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA Points rather than the usual 2}. The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and demons but only causes such creatures the usual 2 STAMINA points damage There is nothing else here thatis of interest or value to you so, before the weavers of the webs return, you leave the cave. Retuim to 368 to choose your way cut Qui Ren My Cre ee ai, (tee ¥ = kT : i "I 3 ie t | Wiis Uy? (ONS) \ , : At , ' é, s | 'ZN fas 2 Sa ZN Wes Wha) Soe f si ! ' a AVA" \. S Se \4 ae eal Blim,,,; eS Lega | Se = FA, sy lid A fe A The Order of the Black Rose," you state confidently The old man looks you up and down once more and then hurriedly ushers you inside, securing the door firmiy behind you Well met, friend,' comes a familiar voice from a darkened comer of the room and the Vampire Hunter Van Richten, emerges from the shadows, He is obviously pleased to see you but his expression is still a dark mask, Having formally Introduced you to Doklor Kafka, the three of you retire to the surgean's crude operating theatre, You are taken aback to see that the surgeon appears to be part-way through an awopsy - the partially dissected body lies on a blood- stained table, draped with a filthy sheet. You find yourself wondering what sort of people you have pot yourself mixed up with Wilh the three of you secreted away in the Doktor's lab, Van Richten tells you of the quest that has brought you here. 'As you know, I am a renowned Yampire Hunter, and the blocdsucker I am currently wailing keeps the people of this place in her thrall.' Yan Richten certainly has you in his thrall now Whe is this life-leech?' you ask The one whose greatest concern should be the welfare of the people who owe her fealty, the noblewoman who claims authority over this village and its environs Lady of Maun herself - Countess Isolde. I have tarried too long and been delayed by distractions of her making enough already but with your help I can put an end to her. Let us ready ourselves and then be on our way, for ime is very much of the essence.' There is a movernent fom under the sheet covering the corpse. All eyes turn to the autopsy table. "We have been overheard!' Kafka cries. An arm, grey-green with rot, throws the sheetaside and the surgeon's dissection subject sits up. You gag in horror at the sight of the disembowelled corpse as it rises to its feet. A clay-like fist lashes out and Doktor Kafka is sent crashing ta the floor, unconscious. Van Richten reacts immediately unsheathing his rapier blade with a practised flourish but you are the one closest to the reanimated cadaver You arm yourself as the undead cadaver bears down on you with throttling hands outstretched CADAVER sxILL 8 (see below) STAMINA 9 (see below Doktor Kafka has already begun to dissect the corpse and as a result its performance may be affected. Rell one dice to see which crucial part, or parts, of the bedy the surgeon has removed and alter the Cadaver's slats accordingly Dice Part(s Roll = Removed Effect 1-2 = Brain Reduce its skILL by 1 point I-4 Heart Reduce its STAMINA by 2 points 5 Brain and Reduce both ibs attributes as Heart described above 6 Intestines Noeffect In the cramped confines of the lab, you must fight the first hwo Attack Rounds against the corpse alone ie After that Van Richten is able fo Join the fight, so you effectively have two Atacks to the Cadaver's one The Vampire Hunter has a skKiLL score of ic but any successful strikes made by the corpse are deducted from your STAMINA score, a5 you ate the one it is trying to kill. Also, if the Cadaver wins hwo Attack Rounds in a row, it grabs you by the throat and throtles you for an extra 2 STAMINA points of damage If you win your Aight with the Doktor's dissection subject, turn ta 73

=== SECTION 86 | PDF PAGE 40 ===

The Order of the Black Rose," you state confidently The old man looks you up and down once more and then hurriedly ushers you inside, securing the door firmiy behind you Well met, friend,' comes a familiar voice from a darkened comer of the room and the Vampire Hunter Van Richten, emerges from the shadows, He is obviously pleased to see you but his expression is still a dark mask, Having formally Introduced you to Doklor Kafka, the three of you retire to the surgean's crude operating theatre, You are taken aback to see that the surgeon appears to be part-way through an awopsy - the partially dissected body lies on a blood- stained table, draped with a filthy sheet. You find yourself wondering what sort of people you have pot yourself mixed up with Wilh the three of you secreted away in the Doktor's lab, Van Richten tells you of the quest that has brought you here. 'As you know, I am a renowned Yampire Hunter, and the blocdsucker I am currently wailing keeps the people of this place in her thrall.' Yan Richten certainly has you in his thrall now Whe is this life-leech?' you ask The one whose greatest concern should be the welfare of the people who owe her fealty, the noblewoman who claims authority over this village and its environs Lady of Maun herself - Countess Isolde. I have tarried too long and been delayed by distractions of her making enough already but with your help I can put an end to her. Let us ready ourselves and then be on our way, for ime is very much of the essence.' There is a movernent fom under the sheet covering the corpse. All eyes turn to the autopsy table. "We have been overheard!' Kafka cries. An arm, grey-green with rot, throws the sheetaside and the surgeon's dissection subject sits up. You gag in horror at the sight of the disembowelled corpse as it rises to its feet. A clay-like fist lashes out and Doktor Kafka is sent crashing ta the floor, unconscious. Van Richten reacts immediately unsheathing his rapier blade with a practised flourish but you are the one closest to the reanimated cadaver You arm yourself as the undead cadaver bears down on you with throttling hands outstretched CADAVER sxILL 8 (see below) STAMINA 9 (see below Doktor Kafka has already begun to dissect the corpse and as a result its performance may be affected. Rell one dice to see which crucial part, or parts, of the bedy the surgeon has removed and alter the Cadaver's slats accordingly Dice Part(s Roll = Removed Effect 1-2 = Brain Reduce its skILL by 1 point I-4 Heart Reduce its STAMINA by 2 points 5 Brain and Reduce both ibs attributes as Heart described above 6 Intestines Noeffect In the cramped confines of the lab, you must fight the first hwo Attack Rounds against the corpse alone ie After that Van Richten is able fo Join the fight, so you effectively have two Atacks to the Cadaver's one The Vampire Hunter has a skKiLL score of ic but any successful strikes made by the corpse are deducted from your STAMINA score, a5 you ate the one it is trying to kill. Also, if the Cadaver wins hwo Attack Rounds in a row, it grabs you by the throat and throtles you for an extra 2 STAMINA points of damage If you win your Aight with the Doktor's dissection subject, turn ta 73

=== SECTION 87 | PDF PAGE 41 ===

Pulling your travelling cloak tighter about you, you set off across the barren heath with only a chill, close wind for company. You had hoped you could reach the shrine before another night passed but, after an hour's tudging across Fermoor, a miasma rises fom the peaty ground, limiting your visibility even further Stifled by the cloying mist you proceed with greater caution. The dark tufts of reed-beds at your feet and the spongy feel of the turf under your beots indicates that this stretch of moorland is becoming ever more boggy and hreacherous. Also, it is not long before you cannot even accurately judge which direction you are travelling in; the usua] markers you would use to estimale compass points are all smothered by the for You are not certain you could even retrace your steps j successfully. There is a very real risk of you becoming completely lost on Fenmoor. Roll two dice. If the total molled is less than or equal bo your current CHANGE score,turn to 364; if itis preater, turn to 955

=== SECTION 88 | PDF PAGE 42 ===

Through the door you follow another passageway which turns right and ends at yet another portal Sensing that something ominous awails you on the other side, taking a deep breath, you turn the handle and step through. Turn to 156

=== SECTION 89 | PDF PAGE 42 ===

What is this?' Van Richten almost screams. "What kind of a creature are you that you can command the beast-servants of a creature of the night, unless you are a thing of darkness yourself? And if that is the case, how were you able to fool me?' The Vampire Hunter takes a step away from you, unsheathing his trusty rapier. "You may have focled me ance, but you have revealed your fue nature to me now, and cannot allow you to live." Van Richten seems willing to put aside his quest lo destroy the Lady of Maun uniil after he has dealt with you. You have no choice but to defend yourself against your erstwhile ally VAMPIRE HUNTER SKILL10 STAMINA l you defeat the Vampire Hunter lose 1 Luck point fain 1 ALARM point and then decide how you want to proceed. Will you continue with Van Richten's mission to putan end to Lhe Vampiress {burn to 102) or will give up on this course of action and rebum to your own quest (hum to 240}?

=== SECTION 90 | PDF PAGE 42 ===

Leaving the bright tents of the Carnivale behind you enter the village of Balci. There appears to be nothing Particularly special about this place. [t has a mill, a a tavern and a forge and you would judge that most of ts populace make a living either farming the land hereabouts or through forestry in the woods that lie to the south and east of the settlement If you wish to and you can afford it, you may enjoy a basic meal of i meat and potatoes along with a flagon of ale for 2 * Gold Pieces, which will restore up to 4 STAMINA points. Whether you eat here or not, with the sun pasl the zenith again, you decide that it is ime to press on There are two routes you can take out of the village the road east, signposted towards Vargenhof (burn to 144), of the well-worm back that leads south-east - +owards Lhe forest (burn to §o8 You knock back the contents of the cup in one go and > swallow decply. 'You feel the effects of the potion ' immediately, as the sleeping draught you have just cansumed sends you into an unconscicus shupor in seconds. Turn to 16

=== SECTION 91 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

You tum, catching one of what seems like a million reflections in the mirrors surrounding you: but the reflection looking back al you is that of a half-human wolfman. You cry out in lerror and look down at your hands to see that your fingernails have grown lo become cruel, sickle-edged claws. You look back inlo the lupine cyes of the monster reflected in Front of you and blackout in shock (add 1 to your CHANGE score When you come ta again, you stumble cut of the Hall of Mirrors to find that night has fallen and the Carnivale has closed to the public for the night. But you are nol alone. Turn to 281

=== SECTION 92 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

You tum, catching one of what seems like a million reflections in the mirrors surrounding you: but the reflection looking back al you is that of a half-human wolfman. You cry out in lerror and look down at your hands to see that your fingernails have grown lo become cruel, sickle-edged claws. You look back inlo the lupine cyes of the monster reflected in Front of you and blackout in shock (add 1 to your CHANGE score When you come ta again, you stumble cut of the Hall of Mirrors to find that night has fallen and the Carnivale has closed to the public for the night. But you are nol alone. Turn to 281

=== SECTION 93 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

Sprinting oul of the stable you come face to face with Highwayman's phantom steed. The ghostly horse rears upon ils hind legs, trying to Irample you beneath its crushing hooves. Before you can defend yourself you feel an icy stab of pain in your back as the cold iron Of a basket-hilted sabre skewers your heart on its tip. You drop to the cold, hard cobbles of the stable vard, your heart's blood pooling on the ground © around you, and the last thing you ever hear is the insane giggling of the barmaid-witch and the words of the headiess ghost. 'Like I always say, your money and your life."

=== SECTION 94 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

In the name of Saint Crucius, I would rid the unholy and the unclean from this lemple!' you declare, calling on the spirit of the long-departed holy man. The mageot emits a shrill, screeching cry, its body writhing m lorment. You have dealt the monsler a gricvous Slow. Regain 1 LUCK point and then turn to 426 to hght the creature, but before you do so reduce both its skILy STAMINA scores by half Considering fresh human flesh preferable to rotting tal meat, the beetles leap from the hall-ealen carcass 7 <snto your path, ready to take you on. Fight the insects aw ata ime SKILL «STAMINA First DEATH'S HEAD BEETLE 6 5 sxcond DEATH'SHEADBEETLE 5 3 Third DEATH'S HEAD BEETLE 6 6 Fourth DEATH'S HEAD BEETLE # 6 if vou kill the carrion feeders, turn Lo 136

=== SECTION 95 | PDF PAGE 44 ===

You hack and slash at the ghostly wolf but your sword simply passes straight through it. However the dire spectre has no difficulty in harming you. The phantasm savages you with teeth and claws before leaving you for dead on the cold ground and moving" onto its next vic. (Lose 6 sTamMINA points.) lf you survive the attack, you slowly lose consciousness listening to the desperate cries of the Strigaivans as they struggle against seemingly insurmountable odds torid themselves of Lhe spectral pack You come to the next day, lying on the cold, hard ground where the villagers left you, having been' driven back while fending off the ghostly wolves af Howling. From the position of the sun's white disc in the leaden sky, you judge that you have slept well into the following afternoon, although you feel ne betler for it. Beyond the eastern boundary of the village you are confronted by a parting of the ways Will you follaw the road as it divides to the north (turn to 160) or the cast (humm to 478)? Or will you take the less well-used track into the forest, which lies a mile or so fo the north-easl of Strigorva (tum 10 8)?

=== SECTION 96 | PDF PAGE 44 ===

You hack and slash at the ghostly wolf but your sword simply passes straight through it. However the dire spectre has no difficulty in harming you. The phantasm savages you with teeth and claws before leaving you for dead on the cold ground and moving" onto its next vic. (Lose 6 sTamMINA points.) lf you survive the attack, you slowly lose consciousness listening to the desperate cries of the Strigaivans as they struggle against seemingly insurmountable odds torid themselves of Lhe spectral pack You come to the next day, lying on the cold, hard ground where the villagers left you, having been' driven back while fending off the ghostly wolves af Howling. From the position of the sun's white disc in the leaden sky, you judge that you have slept well into the following afternoon, although you feel ne betler for it. Beyond the eastern boundary of the village you are confronted by a parting of the ways Will you follaw the road as it divides to the north (turn to 160) or the cast (humm to 478)? Or will you take the less well-used track into the forest, which lies a mile or so fo the north-easl of Strigorva (tum 10 8)?

=== SECTION 97 | PDF PAGE 44 ===

You enter a chamber thal is really a natural chimney sing into the gloom above, from which you can feel "movement in the cold, moist air of the cave complex And the breeze is not all that is moving in the cave Two zebra-striped spiders leap oul of lhe shadows Each of them is over four feet long, their short power- ful legs hurling them high into the cavern to drop down on you from above. Fight the Giant Jumping Spiders one at a time SKILL STAMINA Fist GIANT JUMPING SPIDER 7 4 Second GLANTJUMPING SPIDER 6 5 Metther of the spiders wins its first Attack Round, its keaping assault knocks you to the Noor This means fat you spend the next Attack Round getting up again (unless your have the Quickening special ability ® which case you jump to your feet straight away This means that you must Aght the next round of battle with your AHtack Strength reduced by 1 point. If rou defeal the bwo spiders, which way will you lake oul of the chimmey-cave? Atunnel through which the moist breeze ' ischannelled? Turn to 368 A narrow crawl-space? Turn to 122 A passageway strewn with rough 7 broken stones? Turn to 207 A pit-like hole inthe floorofthecave? Turn to 4%

=== SECTION 98 | PDF PAGE 45 ===

Another night under the stars beckons, so leaving the road you make a bed for yourself among the fallen leaves that have collected beneath a stand of beech trees. Fatigued by your travails, you are just dropping off to sleep when a flapping sound in the branches above rouses you again. Fully awake, you listen more carefully to the sound: it is like the beating of wings and - from the gusts of air sweeping down over you and stirring the leaves within the hallow - large ones at that. Then you see il, silhouetted for a moment against the moon. It looks semi-humancid but for a huge pair of moth-like wings, Soundlessly, the night hunter descends, You see long, feathery antennae large multifaceted eyes, a grey furred body and a slash of mouth filled with needle-sharp teeth Without making any noise, this curious nocturnal hunter closes in for the kill MOTH-MAN SKILLF STAMINA = 2 ' a al ' - ok < =." - q M you defeat your assailant you spend the rest of the might without any further disturbances and, in the Moming are on your way again. Turn to 500

=== SECTION 99 | PDF PAGE 45 ===

As you battle on against the snarling demonic hound Se door of the chapel opens and a wild-haired man wearing a wom and patched robe and sporting an equally unkempt beard, dashes out of the building frandishing a large silver cross in one hand. 'Begone devil!' he shouts, spitile flying from his lips. 'Begone Sound of Hell, back to the pit that spawned you!' At hat the Shuck breaks off its attack, snarls savagely at Se man, who thrusts the silver crosa even closer, and Sen tums tail, fleeing into the embrace of night Turn y 367

=== SECTION 100 | PDF PAGE 45 ===

Nou heave open the huge book and start to flick Grouph its pages. As you do ao, a strong smell of Sulphur fills the library and a thick black cloud 'svalesces in front of you. You jump back startled 'mocking the book from the lectern, but hear nothing # it crashes to the ground. The cloud solidifies into a 'aguely man-like shape, with strong, clawed amma elvety black skin and - most horribly of all -no face! Trapped within the demon's veil of silence you JFepare to defend yourself against the Silent Death SILENT DEATH SKILL 10 STAMINA 10 Being a demon, the Silent Death can only be harmed Gy magical weapons or ones cast from silver. If you have neither, the demon will slay you where you! stand. If you can defend yourself, and you manage to kal the Silent Death, turn to 459 10% slime and patches of grey mould bloom in the crumbling crevices. The air smelis of rol and damp earth. There is nothing of note in the vault, other than the gaping black mouth of a wide, stone-walled pit in" the middie of the packed earth flcor. Once agaln you find yourself wondering what happened here. Roll" two dice. If the total ls less than, or equal to, yous current CHANGE score,turn to 93; if it is greaber, turn tO 214g ica You climb a broad flight of steps up to the grand entrance of the tower. Testing the double doars you find that they are not locked and so, cautiously push'

=== SECTION 101 | PDF PAGE 46 ===

Vem open. You enter a large, circular entrance hall, ita Boor polished white marble inaid with darker stones © produce the heraldic creat of the noble house that "tales the people of Maun. But what a howse it must be Ome the crest is that of a human aloull surmounted by a Bat with wings outstretched. A sudden gust of wind ses from nowhere, sweeping through the hall and Samming the door shut behind you. Torches in wall- Sconces burst into flame in its wake. You try the Soors but they are now locked, and no amount of Sruggling on your part can force them open again You shudder at the prospect of what might await you within the Tower of Maun, but there is no going back pow. On the other side of the entrance hall a broad plished stone staircase spirals both up to the top ol Oe tower and down to a cellar level and beyond. On Sst inspection it appears that the staircase gives 'cess to seven Goors above, as well as a cellar and =ypt level below. You have no chaice but to explore is dark domain further. Where will you explore Thecrypt? Turn to 297 The cellar? Turn to 136 The ground floor (where yousrenow)? Turn to126 The first floor? Turn to 187 The secomd floor? Turn te aay The third floor? Turn to 348 The fourth floor? Turn to 284 The fifth floor? Tarn to 408 The sixth floor? Turn to 435 The seventh floor? Turn to 273

=== SECTION 102 | PDF PAGE 47 ===

a ge Le. Age ff Ne OR gy ea TT] SAS Dy e Aer. i, | eel eo ASR | ij ee 1 Fee %, yf i Ley ee oe ton py eg, Vt Ve. Za Ce lle \ f wll ik vl us / ee ee =. ol ye Fi i. re 4 \ ae ny en Efe, po aaa J US SoBe Dis i Sie ee ee iglae cua ee aay pote a ee wee wen ie ana ee ne "es ties ie el fer oe a hie esl ipa" em ee eae 103 103 Tearing your eyes away from the cold gaze of the moon, you pull your cloak even tighter about you in an attempt to keep out the freezing chill. Deciding it would be best to keep moving for fear of succumbing to hypothermia, you continue onwards through the icy night. And then you catch sight of something darting Hough the wintry woods. But when you turn your head to get a clearer view of the glittering figure itis gone again. Folk-lore has it that the wild, untamed places of this accursed land are haunted by elemental Spirils, not evil as such bul capricious, their intentions unknowable and therefore just as dark and unsettling With another sharp drop in the temperature around you, the being reveals itself, leaping onto the path. It is no more than three feet tall and looks like it is made entirely out of ice. Its hair consists of spiky upstanding icicles, its nose and chin are pointed and sharp, tts arms and legs stick-thin. The creature's hands and fcet end in glinting talons of ice and its mouth is spread unnaturally wide in a shark-like grin. The sprite cocks its head on one side, and fixes you with its penetrating ice-blue gaze. Its teeth are never still chattering constantly All the while it gibbers to itself Tcicle nose and frozen toes, shudder and judder came the snows. Shivers of ice and frost are nice, leave the hearth and pay the price!' The curious creature continues tts caper about on the frozen path in front of you, effectively blocking your way. If you think you know the ice sprite's name, turn to 118. If not how will vou proceed from here? Jf you want to threaten the creahure to make it leave you alone,turn to 238. If you wold rather try another, less ageressive, approach faim ta 265

=== SECTION 103 | PDF PAGE 47 ===

Tearing your eyes away from the cold gaze of the moon, you pull your cloak even tighter about you in an attempt to keep out the freezing chill. Deciding it would be best to keep moving for fear of succumbing to hypothermia, you continue onwards through the icy night. And then you catch sight of something darting Hough the wintry woods. But when you turn your head to get a clearer view of the glittering figure itis gone again. Folk-lore has it that the wild, untamed places of this accursed land are haunted by elemental Spirils, not evil as such bul capricious, their intentions unknowable and therefore just as dark and unsettling With another sharp drop in the temperature around you, the being reveals itself, leaping onto the path. It is no more than three feet tall and looks like it is made entirely out of ice. Its hair consists of spiky upstanding icicles, its nose and chin are pointed and sharp, tts arms and legs stick-thin. The creature's hands and fcet end in glinting talons of ice and its mouth is spread unnaturally wide in a shark-like grin. The sprite cocks its head on one side, and fixes you with its penetrating ice-blue gaze. Its teeth are never still chattering constantly All the while it gibbers to itself Tcicle nose and frozen toes, shudder and judder came the snows. Shivers of ice and frost are nice, leave the hearth and pay the price!' The curious creature continues tts caper about on the frozen path in front of you, effectively blocking your way. If you think you know the ice sprite's name, turn to 118. If not how will vou proceed from here? Jf you want to threaten the creahure to make it leave you alone,turn to 238. If you wold rather try another, less ageressive, approach faim ta 265

=== SECTION 104 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

Archer's Arrows is a shraightforward game of shall Archer - for it is he who runs the stall - and his assistant, an altractive young woman, have sel up three targets at the back of his booth: 1 Gold Piece buys you three arrows with which you have to hit the targets, one in each. If you do not want to play turn te 167 now; if you do, read on You hand over your money le Archer who says to his assistant, 'Come on, Leisel, give our challenger his three arrows,' (If you have the codeword Refsis on your Adventure Sheet after you have finished playing turn to 117 To hit the first target with the first arrow you much Test your Skill: you succeed if you make a successhul roll. Do the same for the second target and arrow but add 1 to the number you roll when Testing your SKI and on the third go add 2 to the number rolled. If you succeed with all three ralls you win 5 Gold Pieces and then have to leave the stall (turn to 169). If you fail any of the ralls you lose. You may have up to three eces before you have to move on from here (turn to 167

=== SECTION 105 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

You find yourself in a luridly decorated chamber Cn display are all manner of musical instuments lates, viols, horns, a harp and an omately painted harpsichord. Ancther decor leads gut of the Music Room on the opposite side of the chamber. You start to cross the room but are barely halfway across when a great cacophenous noise erupts from the instruments around you, a jangling of bells, twanging of harp- stings, jingling of keys, crashing of chords and trumpeting of horns, As the spectral music continues vou run for the second door. Roll hwo dice. If the total is less than, ot equal to, your CHANGE score, turn bo 225, If it is greater, you make it out of the room suffering no ill after effects (bum to 421

=== SECTION 106 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

Unaatiral Vigour - Your continued transformation into a Werewolf has granted you an increased metabolism and resistance to damage. After a battle ¥ou may restore up to half the number of samina soints you lost during the fight. Also, if you suffer any injuries outside a combat situation you may reduce the damage sustained by 1 point. Make a note of this new special ability on your Adventure Sheet and then cum. to the paragraph with the same number as the one you were Jast instructed lo write dowm You hurry over to Ulrich. At first you are thrilled to see that he is not dead - he lies there with one hand clamped over the wound to his throat - but then you realise that thece is somelhing else terribly wrong. By she light of your lantern you see that Ulrich's eyes Save tured blood-red and his face is pulsating, as 108 though the bones beneath are rearranging themselves The wounded woodsman fixes you with that same red-eyed stare. "Run!" is the one discemible word he Manages to ulter before his voice becomes an animal roar. Backing away in horrified disbelief you cannot tear your eyes away as Ulrich suffers his own flesh- warping transformation. His body swells, bursting his clothes at the seams, becoming covered in thick brown hair. At the same time the whole shape of his head changes - gaining a snout and fang-filled maw - while his hands change into heavy paws. He too is a skin-changer but the second skin he wears beneath his human one is that of a wild bear! Rising on its hind legs, bellowing ferociously, the Werebear attacks! You have no choice but to fight your friend WEREBEAR SKILL& STAMINA 10 Slow to anger and yet highly dangerous once aroused Ulrich the Werebear is a formidable opponent. If he wounds you more than bwice, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle, turn to aos

=== SECTION 107 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

You hurry over to Ulrich. At first you are thrilled to see that he is not dead - he lies there with one hand clamped over the wound to his throat - but then you realise that thece is somelhing else terribly wrong. By she light of your lantern you see that Ulrich's eyes Save tured blood-red and his face is pulsating, as though the bones beneath are rearranging themselves The wounded woodsman fixes you with that same red-eyed stare. "Run!" is the one discemible word he Manages to ulter before his voice becomes an animal roar. Backing away in horrified disbelief you cannot tear your eyes away as Ulrich suffers his own flesh- warping transformation. His body swells, bursting his clothes at the seams, becoming covered in thick brown hair. At the same time the whole shape of his head changes - gaining a snout and fang-filled maw - while his hands change into heavy paws. He too is a skin-changer but the second skin he wears beneath his human one is that of a wild bear! Rising on its hind legs, bellowing ferociously, the Werebear attacks! You have no choice but to fight your friend WEREBEAR SKILL& STAMINA 10 Slow to anger and yet highly dangerous once aroused Ulrich the Werebear is a formidable opponent. If he wounds you more than bwice, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle, turn to aos

=== SECTION 108 | PDF PAGE 49 ===

After everything you have been told or discovered so far, you really do begin to imagine that this is all too easy. Lowering the cup you take a step towards the monk, trying to peek under his cow!, The unexpected blew comes from behind as a blunt instrument cracks across the back of your head. You fall unconscious to the floor of the herbarium. Lose 2 STAMINA points and turn to 26

=== SECTION 109 | PDF PAGE 49 ===

Since my grandfather's time there has been talk of the wild woods round these parts being haunted. Every once in a while a wandering beggar or 2 child would stray from the path and get test in the woods, never to be seen again. Whenever that happened the village folk would always look knowingly at one another and say, "The Howling called them and lhey went,"' But what is the Howling?' you ask Some say it is the call of the wild. Some that it's the ghosts of all the animals that have been hunted to a violent end in the wild woods,' Konrad goes on. 'But whatever it {s, over the last year there have been more and more strange occurrences, until last month when the attacks began. But you'll see for yourself soon enough.' None the wiser, but feeling a lot leas certain, you do what you can to prepare to face whatever it is that is threatening Strigciva. Turn te 395

=== SECTION 110 | PDF PAGE 49 ===

Your foot touches a flagstone, which is the trigger for another trap. The floor drops away and you cannot stop yourself plummeting through the trapdoor into a vertical chute. You drop down the pipe until another opening appears beneath you. You pass through the hole to find yourself freefalling through the air into Garou Gorge, the protruding turret vanishing into the velvet night sky above you. There is no way that you can survive a fall from such a height. Your adventure ends with your body smashed ta pieces on the rocks at the bottom of the gorge far below

=== SECTION 111 | PDF PAGE 50 ===

You wake from a feverish and terrifyingly realistic dream, in which a wolf is snapping at you wilh slavering jaws. You open your eyes and find yourself looking up at the cobwebbed rafters of a wooden shack. You are suddenly brought back to the present witha starl, a rush of unbidden and unpleasant mem- ones whirling through your mind. You remember calching sight of the hut betveen the Irees, a beacon of hope in the cold, wolbhaunted night. Your next recollection is a painhul one- the savage atlack by the Black Wolf - and then you recall Ihe face of the woodsman peenng down at you, his axe gripped finnly in his meaty hands, its sharp edge ruddy with the wolf's blood Bul now you are lying on the uncomfortable, straw- stuffed mattress of a pallet bed. You force yourself to situp and gasp in pain from the savage wolf bite you received to your shoulder. "You want to take care of that," you hear a gruff voice say and you turn in surprise - wincing again as the wound smarts - Lo see a thickset, bearded man siting at a table next to a stane chimney breast, smoking a pipe. His careworn Face is lit by the dull orange glow ofa fire, crackling in the hearth. 'T've cleaned and dressed the wound as best I can but its going lo take time to heal.' A candle burns in the window and outside all is shrouded in darkness Not really sure where you are, who the manis, or why he's chosen to take care of you, you mumble your thanks. 'Come, sit. There's something I have ta show you." Cautiously you rise from the bed and join the man at the table, 'I'm Ulrich, and I make my living as forester in these wild woods,' he says, proffering his hand as you lake a seat. On the table in front of the woodsman is a bundle of coarse, bloodstained cloth and you find yourself wondering why a seemingly decent man would want to live oul here in such a wild, isolated and dangerous place What happened?' you ask, unable to take your cyes off the crimson bundle that lies between the two of vou. éind so Ulrich relates his version of even. He was imside his shack when he heard the wolves howling and your cries. Taking up his axe, he rashed to youraid 'managed to lav a savage wound on that black wolf,' he explains. 'Sent it packing, Lhe rest of ils sorry pack scurrying after, once they saw their leader bested.' You wanted to show me something,' you remind Ulrich Indeed I do,' he mutters, and begins to unwrap the bundle in front of him. 'I told you [ dealt the wolf a savage blow. Well, in fact, I cut off its paw, AE least, it was a paw to begin with ..." Ulrich peels back the last strip of bloodstained cloth, But tell me, does that look like 4 paw to you?" Lying on the table in front of you is a gnarled black- furred claw, somewhere between 4 human hand and a wolf's paw. Horror bwists your heart in its chilling grip. Before Ulrich even has a chance to explain, you already know what he is going to say. "That wasn't a wolf that attacked you out there in the woods tanight Itwasa...' Werewoll!' you finish. You know what this means. It would explain your feverishnessand horriblehallucin- atory dream. For the bite of a werewolf -a man cursed to take on the form of a wolf when moonlight bathes the world - carries the dread disease of lycanthropy the selfsame affliction that is responsible for its own ghastly transformation. It is as good as a death sentence, for without a cure, the only future you can look forward lo is one of madness and murder, as the wolf inside you struggles to free itself and satisfy its bloodlust You stare at the grotesque object lying on the table Even a8 you watch, it appears to become more human and less animal in form, Seeing your reaction Ulrich says, "This is an evil thing and should be destroyed. Throw it into the fire and be done with it' Do you want to throw the changing hand into the fire immediately (turn to age}, or do you want to take a closer look at it first (turn to 139)? I raz You skilfully take control of the horses and the stage- coach. Then, animal senses suddenly flaring, you hear a terrible roar from behind and feel your blood turn to ice. Turning, you see the huge and dreadful form of Werebeast as it leaps over the back of the carriage claws outstretched to tear you limb from limb. If you have a crossbow or pistol, and something to fire, turn to. gg. [inot, turn to 206

=== SECTION 112 | PDF PAGE 51 ===

Al your killing blow the demon dog slumps to the ground, the bulging milky orb of its blind eye still staring up at you, As you watch, the Shuck's body begins to bubble and smoke, dissolving into a foul black slime, until all that is left are a few bones and its yellowed fangs. You look up to see that the door to the chapel-shrine is open. A wild-haired man, dressed in a worm and patched robe and sporting an equally unkempt beard, is standing at the threshold holding a ! large silver cross. He has seen everything. 'It appears I owe you a debt of thanks,' the guardian of the shrine Says. "May the gods bless you.' Regain 1 Luck point and lose 2 CHANGE points thanks to the priest's blessing. Add the codeword Nomed to your Adventure Sheet and turn to 367

=== SECTION 113 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

At your final, killing stroke, the giant maggot goes into its death-throes. Convulsing violently, il thrashes about in the slick mess of its own yellow ichor-blood Its segmented tail hits one of the incense-buming braziers, sending the brass sland crashing lo the floor and het coals cascading across the flagstones of ihe sanctuary. Several of these come lo rest among, ihe gathered swathes of church vestments. In mere moments the fabric is alight and seconds later fire has seized hold of the Abbey building. It somehow seems fiting that the corruption that was at work here should new be purged with fire. (Regain 1 Luck point Taking nothing from this desecrated lemple, you flee Abbey. No one tries to stop you as you run back through the courtyard to Lhe main entrance, and from there you follow the winding track back through the crags. By the Hime you re turn lo the highway, the night sky to the east is litup for miles around by the blazing beacon of lhe buming Abbey Eventually you can go no further withcut stopping to rest. You sleep fitfully, in a ditch beside the road, and come the morming you are on your way again. Turn fo 5a0

=== SECTION 114 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

At your final, killing stroke, the giant maggot goes into its death-throes. Convulsing violently, il thrashes about in the slick mess of its own yellow ichor-blood Its segmented tail hits one of the incense-buming braziers, sending the brass sland crashing lo the floor and het coals cascading across the flagstones of ihe sanctuary. Several of these come lo rest among, ihe gathered swathes of church vestments. In mere moments the fabric is alight and seconds later fire has seized hold of the Abbey building. It somehow seems fiting that the corruption that was at work here should new be purged with fire. (Regain 1 Luck point Taking nothing from this desecrated lemple, you flee Abbey. No one tries to stop you as you run back through the courtyard to Lhe main entrance, and from there you follow the winding track back through the crags. By the Hime you re turn lo the highway, the night sky to the east is litup for miles around by the blazing beacon of lhe buming Abbey Eventually you can go no further withcut stopping to rest. You sleep fitfully, in a ditch beside the road, and come the morming you are on your way again. Turn fo 5a0

=== SECTION 115 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

You deliver what you would have thought was a killing blow against lhe Highwayman's body. But what's this? The undead criminal still stands, laughing at your vain attempts to destroy him. "You cannot kill what does nol live!' the Headless Highwayman declares triumphantly. Barely controlling your rising sense of panic, you choose a different course of action Will yeu try to destroy the symbol marked out on the fluor of ihe stable (turn to 241), snalch up the skull turn to 295) or mun for it while you still can {turn to 93)?

=== SECTION 116 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

Making your way between the Lali, sharply pitched buildings, you arrive at the village square, where an impromptu meeting appears to be taking place. The villagers present are all carrying pitchforks, scythes and other objects, which might well be improvised wripons. As soon as they become aware of your Presence, a hush falls over the assembled throng and all eyes fix on you, making you feel incredibly uncom- torlable. A lean, middle-aged man, wilh thinning prey hair and wearing a chain mail-covered leather tunic delaches himself from the crowd and approaches you AD A el ae © 4 ee ly Cae == -_ fi Beet ook 48 se --- 1? He holds his hands open to show that he means no il but the scabharded sword buckled to his belt and the steely look in his eyes sugpest this man is not to be fooled with. "Ho, friend," he cails. "We dan't get many strangers visit us in these parts. Where are you from and what can we do for you" How will you answer the man's question? Will you tell him the truth, that you were travelling through the backwoods when you were attacked by a pack of wolves (turn to 57}? Will you tell him that you were travelling from Pritzbad to Saarven when you left the road and became lost in the forest (turn to 145)? Or will you tell hin that you are a wandering sword-for-hire in search of an employer who might appreciate your services turn to 268)?

=== SECTION 117 | PDF PAGE 53 ===

You beckon Archer's assistant to one side. Once she has confirmed that her name is Leisel you tell her how you met her brother Hans at The Gibbet Tree. As you tell her of his heartbroken search for het, in order to bring her home again, she bursts into tears. 'I was too hasty,' she says between sobs. 'I should not have lef home so suddenly. Oh my poor Hans. must re turn to hin, Thank you, stranger, for bringing me news of my brother. May the gods bless you.' You feel the warm glow of a good job well done, and feel that you have achieved something to help repair the broken relation- ships of an unhappy home. Regain 1 Luck point and turn to 167

=== SECTION 118 | PDF PAGE 53 ===

CIC Convert the letters of the winler elemental's name into numbers, using the code A=1, B=2,C=3 ,., Z=26 Add the numbers together and then turn to the paragraph, which is the same as the total, If the paragraph makes no sense you have got the creature's fame wrong and you are going to have to try a different approach, Will you threaten the creature to let you pass (turn to 228), or will you try something else (harm to 265)?

=== SECTION 119 | PDF PAGE 53 ===

Bravely - or foolishly - you scoop up some of the sludgy green broth in a ladle and raise it to your Lips In one bald action you gulp down its contents. You gasp at the foul taste and it is all you can do to stop your gorge rising. Slowly the potion takes effect. A warming glow spreads throughout your body revitalising every Gbre of your being. You have just swallowed some kind of healing potion. Restore STAMINA points equal to half your Imitval STAMINA score, rounding fractions up, and reduce your CHANGE score by 4 points (noting that it cannot drop below 1 Feeling that there is hope yet for your cause, will you now Look at the book? Turn lo 4368 ® Leave the kitchen and take the other passageway leading from the entrance hall? Turn to 340 leave and pass through the double doors Lhe top of the grand staircase? Turn to 146 Leo AN US: & Ke Can Wa SF ST iy aaa | - -- Bea "el i " ee wh a aoe ee (i ee Wi? 4 SWIG ¥ ti e Ke. hI ) We i 4 VRS ye lO oa ' é i EN . ' Y \ \ an = oWAty J ae ve aa i i} aan | a Ti aed 9 AN Pe ree ZN

=== SECTION 120 | PDF PAGE 54 ===

In a burst of brilliant blue-white light, lightning is channelled through the various conducting rods and wires to the table, on which lies the scientist's ungodly eation. The part-flesh, part-machine constnuct jolts violently with the unbridled elemental power of the storm coursing through it. And then the violence of the tempest passes, its echo mmbling over the distant fountain peaks. For a moment all is still, the air ' around you hot with the smell of bumt ozone, but the calm is short-lived. With a hiss of steaming pistons and the clank of mechanical joints, the monstrous cTeation staggers to its feet. Its jaw drops open, letting out a ternble moaning wail. 'It's alive!' the scientist shouts with unbridled glee. "Never again will they accuse Professor Arcanum of being a madman!' and then he bursts inte a fit of hysterical laughter. 'And to think, you have had the honour of witnessing my golem's birth." The hulking construct hums to face you and with lumbering, clanking steps advances on you, arms outstretched. You know you must at least atlempt to stop this thing, which should never have been given life at all. The only suitable weapon you might have at your disposal is an Iron Rod. If you have such an object, turn to 77. If not, you are going to have to rely on cold steel once again (tum bo 152

=== SECTION 121 | PDF PAGE 54 ===

Wath all your weight hanging from one hand, as you search for your next footheld, the brick you are holding comes loose. Instinciively you let go and reach for another, but In your haste your clutching fingers slip on the wet mould and finds no purchase Unbalanced, you lose your footing and plunge into the pit. You hit the bottom with a splash, landing in a foot of foul water, among heaps of tumbled stone jarring your shoulder and twisting your lore. (Lose 4 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point.) Painbhully, you pull yourself to your feet. Turn io 227

=== SECTION 122 | PDF PAGE 55 ===

You find yourself following a slope downwards into a cave, which is little more than a wide tunnel, with bwo further tunnels leading off it. Gold glearns in the dark- ness, a sear of the glittering yellow metal coursing through one wall where it comes to the surface. Lying face down on the ground, beneath the seam of gold, is the body of a Dwarf. From the melted candle fined to his helmet and the pickawe lying at his side, as well as the pack sill on his back, you take the Dwarf to be a prospector. You cautiously crouch down next lo the body and feel fora pulse. The Dwarf is dead, but what kiled him? Then you are the bwo puncture holes in his neck. They look Like those that might have been made by a vampire - or a very large spider. If you want to search the Davarf's body, turn to 266. If nat you will have to leave this dividing of the ways: but which way will you go? Along the narrow crawl-space of an eat? Turn to97 Along a wide areular tunnel? Turn ta 14 Along a stalactite-hung passageway? Turn to 442 taj You notice that the man wears various charms on chains arpund his neck. One of these starts to pulse with a wanm yellow light and he grabs hold of it, a5 if for reassurance. "Just as ] suspected," he says darkly 'the Were is upon you, night creature!' Your feel that a battle is inevitable, and draw your sword in readiness Turn to 465

=== SECTION 123 | PDF PAGE 55 ===

Bidding Grandmother Zekova a hasty farewell, you head into the night once more, Ulrich at your side You are determined to run the insane lunatic to ground and put an end to this living nightmare. It is not hard to mark the wolves' passing. You soon find yourselves descending a path at a stumbling rum, the tail strewn with exposed roots. You become aware of distant yelps and howls. Behind you comes a sudden snarling roar: you turn to see the Black Wolf launch itself from the deep darkness between the trees. But Sus time it is Ulrich who is the target - the creature has revenge on its mind. You hear a sickening cnainch Ulrich howls in pain as the wolf sinks its teeth into his throat. Then the woodsman lies still, You watch, frozen for a moment in disbelieving horror, as the wolf rises from Ulrich's prone form and you realise that it is now standing on its hind legs. Only the creature is a wolf no longer. Its body is shaped more like that of a man, allhough it is sll covered in coarse black fur and has the unmistakeable snout and afrcow-tip ears of a wolf. It has become something more than beast and less than human. Lips curling back from bloodied fangs, the Black Werewolf growls menacingly and turns towards you. You have no choice but to fight BLACK WEREWOLF SKILL'? STAMINA? The beast will not run from this fight and you will not let it, One way or another, this will be a fight to the death, If you prevail, turn to 22g

=== SECTION 124 | PDF PAGE 56 ===

The instant the exposed flame of your lantern touches the hanging cobwebs, the silken strands burst into flame. The fire spreads rapidly taroughout the cham- ber, with the monster trapped at its centre. With the Spider-Queen's blood-chilling screams echoing in your ears, you flee the bejewelled cave. The cavern consumed by Hames, thick black smoke pours into the nebwork of underground tunnels: you will not be able to re-enter the cave now. If you are going to continue searching the caves beneath Sundered Peak, make a note that if you are ever given the option of visiting paragraph 442 you may not choose that path. There are only two exits from this place. Will you follow the tunnel of stalactites (hum to 222) or the stalagrmite tunnel (turn to 405), or will you quit the spider infested caves altogether (turn bo 331}?

=== SECTION 125 | PDF PAGE 56 ===

The footprint of the Tower of Maun is larger than you had at first thought. The main tower keep obviously rises above the more extensive layout of the ground floor. You find kitchens and storage rooms (and man- age to find enough dry goods to make up 3 Meals worth of Provisions) but the mest impressive room is a large banqueting hall. The table, which is set for 30 dinner guests, has been laid for supper -but how long ago? The plales, candlesticks and empty goblets are all covered in the fine gossamer veile of epider- webs You may take a pair of Silver Candlesticks from the Turn to 7 table but there 3s really nothing else of use to you here Mirror, mirror, hear me speak. The Silver Dagger is what I seek.' As soon as you have spoken, the glass in front of you appears to ripple and your reflection fades. Tl is replaced by the image of a finely crafled Silver Dagger, its hilt towards you. (Regain 1 LUCK point Add the Silver Dagger to the Equipment List on your Adventure Sheet. You may use the dagger in combat, if vou wish, but because it is not balanced in the same way as your sword, you must fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. However, injuries you cause any créeabure with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to their kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and Demons but in this case will cause the usual 2 TAMINA points of damage Certain that you are one step closer to defeating the evil that holds all of Lupravia in its taloned grip, and freeing yourself from the Curse of the Werewolf, you leave the turret room, return toe the Map Room, and pass Hurough the other door. Turn bo 921

=== SECTION 126 | PDF PAGE 57 ===

Fingertips brush against the fibrous root and then with a burch, you manage to praep hold as you sink another few inches into the pealty morass. It is a slow and tiring process but in the end you manage to pull yourself out of the swamp, until you lie panting for breath on the prassy mourned. As you lie there, feeling strength re turn to your aching limbs, you become aware of a pulsating light close by. Looking up you can see flickering marshlights hovering over the boggy ground, glowing with a scintillating green lumines- cence. The movernent of the bobbing balls of light is hypnotic and you are entranced by the strange darting movements of one in particular. The glowing marsh- light is surging towards you, and is now pulsing a malevolent crimson. You barely have time to get to your feet and unsheathe your sword before the Will- o'-the-Wisp is upon you, intent on feeding off your life-force WILL-O'-THE-WISP SKILL10 STAMINA 6 The magical creature can be harmed by the cold steet of the blade you wield but it fights back with sizzling bolts of energy. Every time it makes a successful hit against you, the malevolent marshlight will cause yOu 3 STAMINA points of damage. If you lall the Will- o-the-Wisp, the unknown forces holding its form together dissipate into the aiz, leaving behind the sharp smell of ozone, as the creahure fizzes away bo nothing. Turn to 342

=== SECTION 127 | PDF PAGE 56 ===

Mirror, mirror, hear me speak. The Silver Dagger is what I seek.' As soon as you have spoken, the glass in front of you appears to ripple and your reflection fades. Tl is replaced by the image of a finely crafled Silver Dagger, its hilt towards you. (Regain 1 LUCK point Add the Silver Dagger to the Equipment List on your Adventure Sheet. You may use the dagger in combat, if vou wish, but because it is not balanced in the same way as your sword, you must fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. However, injuries you cause any créeabure with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to their kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and Demons but in this case will cause the usual 2 TAMINA points of damage Certain that you are one step closer to defeating the evil that holds all of Lupravia in its taloned grip, and freeing yourself from the Curse of the Werewolf, you leave the turret room, return toe the Map Room, and pass Hurough the other door. Turn bo 921

=== SECTION 128 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

Taking a deep breath you approach the bar and enquire as lo the cest of a room for the night 'Three pald pieces, half board,' he says, 'one gold piece for just the recom." If you ate willing to pay the 3 Gold Pieces, you find that half board includes a tankard of ale and a coid, spit-roast chicken, which restores up to 4 STAMINA points. IF you only pay for the room you will have to eat one meal's worth of Provisions to restore any energy. Whatever you decide, you may now either retire to your room {turn to 258), or stay in the bar and try speaking to the landierd (tum te 155 the barmaid (hum to 188) or the intense young man turn to 220

=== SECTION 129 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

*Balci lies to the north and further east of here is Maun out that's a good day's journey away. And on the other side of the forest you'll find the town of Vargenhof although word has it that that place too has fallen on hard times.' Now burn bo 395 fF you killed the Arch-Lycanthrope with the Wulfen Sword,turn to 464. [Fnot, you do not have the means

=== SECTION 130 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

to stop the demon from resurrecling Count Varcolac and there in no way you will be able to prevail against Werewarg Prince of Lupravia. Your adventure will end here, al the dread claws of the first of the Wullen

=== SECTION 131 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

Taking a deep breath you approach the bar and enquire as lo the cest of a room for the night 'Three pald pieces, half board,' he says, 'one gold piece for just the recom." If you ate willing to pay the 3 Gold Pieces, you find that half board includes a tankard of ale and a coid, spit-roast chicken, which restores up to 4 STAMINA points. IF you only pay for the room you will have to eat one meal's worth of Provisions to restore any energy. Whatever you decide, you may now either retire to your room {turn to 258), or stay in the bar and try speaking to the landierd (tum te 155 the barmaid (hum to 188) or the intense young man turn to 220

=== SECTION 132 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

*Balci lies to the north and further east of here is Maun out that's a good day's journey away. And on the other side of the forest you'll find the town of Vargenhof although word has it that that place too has fallen on hard times.' Now burn bo 395

=== SECTION 133 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

fF you killed the Arch-Lycanthrope with the Wulfen Sword,turn to 464. [Fnot, you do not have the means to stop the demon from resurrecling Count Varcolac and there in no way you will be able to prevail against Werewarg Prince of Lupravia. Your adventure will end here, al the dread claws of the first of the Wullen Werewolf line

=== SECTION 134 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

Step this way,' the sinister Carnivale Mastersays with 2 Bwinkle in his eyes. You toss him 2 Gald Pieces, which Ae catches in his top hat. 'Stay an hour or stay all day,' he chirrups, 'but enjoy your stay, come what may.' Passing beneath the 'Carnivale' banner you explore Fair beyond. There are six different spectacles that <apture your interest. The first is a midnight-blue tent embellished with silver moons and stars, bearing the zanner: 'Madame Zelda - Mistress of Mystery'. The second is a gaudily painted wagon with the legend Hal] of Mirrors' painted on the side. Next comes the ommous sounding 'Cage' and after thal a stall called Archer's Arrows'. Then there is a one-man puppet show, 'Master of Marionettes', which is attracting guile a crowd. Last of all there is a large tent at the centre of the Camivale, which has a threatening pair of glowering eyes and fang-filled open mouth painted on the thick canvas. Outside the drawn back entrance Hap is the sign 'Crookshanks'' Cabinet of Curiosities' Which of these exhibits would you like to visit first? Madame Zelda, Mistress of Mystery? Turn to 149 The Hall of Mirrors Turn to 63 The Cage? Turn to 445 Archer's Arrows? Turn to 104 The puppet show? Turn to 430 Croakshanks' Cabinet of Curiosities? Turn. to 41

=== SECTION 135 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

Lost, You say?' The man's stecly eye never wavers a3 he considers your story. In an effort to convince him Bek' -2 i y SNe | Bye aiey | OF peer ds 9 pe! Migieg bo) -Jan iy, 4 fie .! fap Mee ee i ig Fi = a rae a oF a he dds Me WA Uy ih you begin to babble, embeilishing your tale with pertinent details. You are not lying exactly; you are just being a little economical with the truth. Test your Luck, If you are Lucky,turn to 269. [f you are Unlucky turn to 57 the passageway eventually ends at a small, circular chamber, really no more than an extended alcove, The floor of the space has been hollowed out to form a stone bowl, and inside this is a writhing mass of glistening black Leechwanrms, You are about to turn and go back the way you have come when you notice what looks like the handle of a dageer protruding from the repulsive, rippling mass. You could almost believe someone was breeding venmin down in these dungeons. Do you want to reach into the pit te take hold of the hilt and pull it cut (Garn fo 482) or would you rather reborn to the junction (burn to 181)? Once the farmer and his wife are out of the way you make your move against the Changeling, The crealure hisses and spits at you, baring claws and needle-sharp teeth, 'You, in turn, trust in cold steel, folk-lore having it that iron is inimical] to such as the Changeling CHANGELING SKILL6G STAMINA 5 f the Changeling wounds you more than once, add 1 Your CHANGE score. As soon as you defeat the imp turn to 493

=== SECTION 136 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

The candlelit cellar houses an extensive wine collec- tion, racks and bottles thick with dust. Many of the bottles stored here are centuries old - completely undrinkable and yet worth a fortune to the right collector, But you are not here as a connoisseur. On a table, however, you find a number of dusty bottles of red wine and some of a clear spirit, a number of them already uncorked. Do you want ta drink some of the red wine (burn to 153), some of the clear spirit (turn to 171) or would you rather leave the wine cellar and look elsewhere (hum to 7)?

=== SECTION 137 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

Taking the hand in your own, by the flickering amber light of the fire you examine it. The hand is now almost completely human, except that it still sports particularly long and hardened claw-like nails. But there is something else. On the middle finger there is a large gold signet ring bearing a remarkable crest on its citcular face. The crest shows a howling wolf's head against a full moon. If you want to keep this morbid curiosity, add the Signet Ring to the Equipment list on your Adventure Sheet. Turn to 290

=== SECTION 138 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

And so you come at last to Wulfenstein. Its buildings are dusted with snow and cling to the edge of the Garou Gorge, a great rift that drops hundreds of feet from these mountainous highlands to the Raging River that lies in thundering spray and darkness far below. The rundown village is watched over by a brooding castle that stands at the lip of the cliff, high above Wulfenstein, its broken battlements forming a jagged line against the sky. Dusk is spreading its purple-grey manile over the snow-capped mountains bo the north, which in turn cast their shadows across the roofs of the village. Your first impression is that it Ba feral place, more home to animals than humans Mangy curs pick over detrihus in the streets and there B no one to check your progress. if you have the axdeword Aytak recorded on your Adventure Sheet turn te 196, If nok, fam to 19 at you are able to fight with a Silver Dagger, turn to 192. If you do not have such a weapon, turn bo 173

=== SECTION 139 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

Taking the hand in your own, by the flickering amber light of the fire you examine it. The hand is now almost completely human, except that it still sports particularly long and hardened claw-like nails. But there is something else. On the middle finger there is a large gold signet ring bearing a remarkable crest on its citcular face. The crest shows a howling wolf's head against a full moon. If you want to keep this morbid curiosity, add the Signet Ring to the Equipment list on your Adventure Sheet. Turn to 290

=== SECTION 140 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

And so you come at last to Wulfenstein. Its buildings are dusted with snow and cling to the edge of the Garou Gorge, a great rift that drops hundreds of feet from these mountainous highlands to the Raging River that lies in thundering spray and darkness far below. The rundown village is watched over by a brooding castle that stands at the lip of the cliff, high above Wulfenstein, its broken battlements forming a jagged line against the sky. Dusk is spreading its purple-grey manile over the snow-capped mountains bo the north, which in turn cast their shadows across the roofs of the village. Your first impression is that it Ba feral place, more home to animals than humans Mangy curs pick over detrihus in the streets and there B no one to check your progress. if you have the axdeword Aytak recorded on your Adventure Sheet turn te 196, If nok, fam to 19

=== SECTION 141 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

at you are able to fight with a Silver Dagger, turn to 192. If you do not have such a weapon, turn bo 173

=== SECTION 142 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

Creeping along the passageway you enter a section that is the size of a small room, where several tunnels meet within the heart of Sundered Peak. Tesi your Skull If yon succeed, turn to 292. If you fail, turn to 383 Lf you have been here before,turn to 236 straight away Still feeling uneasy, trying to shake the paranoid feelings of malicious intent, you retum to the road Aware that twilight is rapidly giving way to night will you now make for the sanctuary among the peaks to the east (hum to 44) or press on north towards Vargenhof, knowing that you will have to make camp under the stars (burn to 98}?

=== SECTION 143 | PDF PAGE 60 ===

Still feeling uneasy, trying to shake the paranoid feelings of malicious intent, you retum to the road Aware that twilight is rapidly giving way to night will you now make for the sanctuary among the peaks to the east (hum to 44) or press on north towards Vargenhof, knowing that you will have to make camp under the stars (burn to 98}?

=== SECTION 144 | PDF PAGE 61 ===

Determined to complete your search for the Arch- Lycanthrope and free yourself from ik: cursed legacy you press east along the road until well afer sunset The moon rises, almost full now, the scudding silhouettes of clouds whipped across it by the rising wind. Shadows move on the road in the strobing moonlight. You cannot help but stare at the glowing dise of the moon, and as the moonlight is reflected in your eyes, you feel a change occurring within every fibre of your being. Make a note of the number 176 on your Adventure Sheet and turn to 20 -.. #«©}§©= Ca inl

=== SECTION 145 | PDF PAGE 61 ===

You fuck into the hearty broth with great guste and in a matter of minutes you have emptied the bowl Regain up to 4 STAMINA points.) You suddenly feel very tired and lie down on the pallet bed. You are asleep as soon as your head hits the pillow. Turn to 26

=== SECTION 146 | PDF PAGE 61 ===

Passing through the doors at the bop of the staircase you find yourself in a much smaller, walnut-panelled antechamber, Before you are bwo more walnut panelled doors. A brass plaque on the one to the left is etched with the words 'Map Room'. A similar metal plate on the door to the right reads 'Music Room'. As you can see no other way on, will you enter the Map Room (turn to 180} or the Music Room (105)?

=== SECTION 147 | PDF PAGE 61 ===

Drawing on all your reserves of desperate, adrenalin- fuelled courage, with your sword raised above your head, you charge the wolf even as it launches Itself at you, But having seized the Initiative, it is you who lands the first blow. The wolf squeals in pain, and then, ita pain turned to anger, it is upon you BLACK WOLF SKILL? STAMINAS After two further Attack Rounds, or if you reduce the Black Wolf's sama to 7 or less, whichever happens first, turn at once to 272

=== SECTION 148 | PDF PAGE 61 ===

You turn from the maggot in horrified fear, intending to run from the Abbey, But as you do so, the repellent monstrosity convulses, vomiting coplous amounts of slime over you, which is of a highly acidic nature. Roll one dice, divide the total by 2 (rounding halves up and add 3 to the number (giving youa total of between 4 and 6); reduce your stamina score by this many points. [f you are still alive, you are going to have to fight the monster. Tun to 426

=== SECTION 149 | PDF PAGE 61 ===

Pulling aside the curtain hung across the entrance rou step into the tent of moons and stars. A fug of incense smoke assails you. Sitting behind a circular lable draped with a blue velvet cloth is a middle-aged woman, overly made-up and wearing layer upon layer of coloured veils and shawls. On her head is a crimson turban, held together by a sapphire pin. A ¢rysta] ball rests in its carved ebony cradle in front of her. 'Welcome, stranger," Madame Zelda says, her accent strong and probably overdone for effact. 'Cross my palm with geld and I will reveal to you all that the future has in store.' If you want to pay for this privilege, deduct the gold fom your Adventure Sheet and turn to 224. If you do not want to spend any longer here, turn Lo 167

=== SECTION 150 | PDF PAGE 62 ===

A vicious barking snarl escaping from between the Werewolf's slavering jaws, the terribly changed Count attacks ARCH-LYCANTHROPE SKILL IZ STAMINA 16 If the Werewolf wounds you at all, add 1 ta your CHANGE Score. If you reduce the Arch-Lycanthrope's STAMINA score to 6 points or less, or after seven Attack Rounds - if you last that long - hun immediately to 503

=== SECTION 151 | PDF PAGE 62 ===

The hunting party makes it back to Lhe lown wlthoul further ado, only to discover that the Beast has struck again; this time to the south of Vargenhof, breaking into a mill, slaughtering the miller and his family Wilhout pausing to rest, you and the rest of the hunt set off to the scene of the crime, but by the time you get there the Beast is long gone. {Lose 1 LUCK point and add 1 io your CHANGE score.) Rehoming once more to the town meeting hall, you spend the rest of 1 lhe night camped inside the building, along with the other hunlers. When you wake if is well past noon and me you were on your way. Tun to 507

=== SECTION 152 | PDF PAGE 62 ===

The hulking man-made monster advances on you with heavy, lumbering steps, tiny blue sparks - mirroring the storm raging across the heavens - bursting in its eyes. The creature's mouth opens ina baleful moan as its fat, decaymg fingers reach for your neck GOLEM HULK SKILLQ STAMINA 11 Every time the Golem wins an Attack Round, roll one dice. Ona roll of 5 or 6, the construct grabs you with both hands and delivers a shocking burst of residual electrical energy, for 3 STAMINA points of damage. Lf you manage to defeat the shambling behemcth, turn in 169

=== SECTION 153 | PDF PAGE 62 ===

You lake a swig from one of the bottles and as you feel the thick liquid trickle down your throat, you reallse your horrific mistake. Red wine in a supposed Vampire's castle! What were you thinking? It is nol wine that fills these bottles but human blood! You recoil aghast, spitting to clear the foul taste from your mouth, but the damage has already been done. The ' wolfinside you lwazriates at the taste of the blood and takes a stronger hold on your bedy. (Add 1 to your CHANGE score and lose 1 LUCK point.) Hurling the bottle of bload to the floor, you cannot leave the cellar fast enough. Turn to 7

=== SECTION 154 | PDF PAGE 63 ===

Your ascent of the pit shaft, although Hring, does not come with any more nasty surprises and you haul yourselfintothe subterranean chamber withoutsuffer- ing any unpleasant accidents. Still uncertain as to what happened here, you know that there is nothing ' else for you here and so make your way back through the disanentating ruins An unholy ritual was carried oul here years ago, a rite so blasphemous that it has left its mark on the world The feeling of a lingering malignance is tts legacy and the longer you have spent in the ruins, the more that insidious presence has fed on your own fears, until it has become strong encugh to manifest in physical form. It appears before you now, a leering demonic face coalescing out of the air in front of you. It is a ihing of nightmares, an amalgam of everything you have ever feared. Vile writhing bodies and hairy spider legs break through tears in the leathery skin of ithe grotesque gargoyle face. And then the thing graws wrongly jointed limbs of its own. The black hollows of its eyes dripping with maggots, the Malice scuttles towards you like a spider on legs that might be arms and prabs for you with hands that might be feet, all the time hissing like a susurration of cockroaches THE MALICE SKILLB | STAMINAY If you defeat the Malice, the evil entity seers to melt like wax and its pure black essence runs away into the night-deepened shadows. Your heart pounding in your chest, you run the rest of the way to the road Turn to 143

=== SECTION 155 | PDF PAGE 64 ===

Quiet night,' you say conversationally, desperately trying to improve the pervading mood ol the bar and yet not wishing lo make mention of your recent unsettling experience on the road What do you expect?' the man says emaffly. 'First that wretched cur of a highwayman kept the customers away thanks to his one-man crime wave, and new he's dead his ghost is scaring people off. I'm thinking of selling up and taking my daughter to try cur luck Bathoria, not that anyone would want te buy this place.' Embarrassed, you make your excuses and decide lo speak to the barmaid, whom you take to be the land- lord's daughter {turn to 188), or the young man (hum to 220), or you can retire to your room (turn to 258

=== SECTION 156 | PDF PAGE 64 ===

You find yourself in a colonnaded nave, A pungent sickly sweet smell fills the mote-shot air, thick with incense smoke, illuminated by smouldering charcoal braziers. The murmur of plainsong echoes from the barrel-vault of the choir. Drawn by the echoing chant seeping to the shadows between the pillars, you creep along the nave towards the incense-shrouded sanc- suary. Test your Lick. If you are Lucky, turn to ao. If you Unlucky, turn ta 439

=== SECTION 157 | PDF PAGE 64 ===

The Shuck is a terrible beast, a phantom hound, sent Vex Father Corran, the priest who tends the shrine Saint Crucius and the healing well that lies there the shrine lics north and west of here across the seacherous Fenmoor. The Shuck is said to have only ane eye, which is as cold and white as the moon, and fangs like knives. Although how anyone can know such things, I know not, for it is also said that those who look upon the face of the beast dic of fright.' Add the codeword Enirits and fiirn to 395

=== SECTION 158 | PDF PAGE 64 ===

Further on along the passageway you Lo come lo a Finclion, Three short corridors lead away to the leit 20 the right and straight ahead, all ending at doors which, you presume, lead lo other rooms. There are 70 indicators as to what les behind these doors so will sou choose the door To your left? Turn to 428 Straight ahead of you? Turn to 496 To you right? Turn to 310

=== SECTION 159 | PDF PAGE 64 ===

You have lo crouch low to keep from cracking your head on the rough rock of the ceiling only a matter of yourself in a cold cave that is little more than a parting oF converging, of the waya. Which way will you go now? Along a winding corkscrew tunnel? Turn to 34 Down a pebble-strewn passageway? Turn ta aga Follow a yellow quartz shaft? Turn to 70

=== SECTION 160 | PDF PAGE 65 ===

You walk mile after mile along the road north, through bleak grey hills, without seeing another sou) abroad on this late autumn day. The road rises out of the desolate valley onto a stretch of windswept moorland You continue your way under a leaden sky as the sun sinks towards the horizon. If you have the codeword Enirits recorded on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 511: if not, turn to 190

=== SECTION 161 | PDF PAGE 65 ===

The sorrowful voice continues its song and you feel that it is speaking directly to you, even though no clear words are ever uttered. Entranced by the mes- merising voice, you find your feet turning from. the path towards the water's edge. Test your Skill, Lf you succeed, turn to 46, If you fail, turn to 64

=== SECTION 162 | PDF PAGE 65 ===

The spider-woman lets out a piercing scream and, all eight legs moving simultaneously, gallops towards you. In the battle to come, if you choose to defend yourself with the Silver you recovered frem ier <6 Goblin, any wounds you cause the monstrous Black Widow will cause her 3 STAMINA points of damage, as the weapon has power over her, but you Will have to fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. Now turn to 252 and face your fate

=== SECTION 163 | PDF PAGE 65 ===

Putting a hand to the equally unsteady banister you begin to climb the stairs. You are almost at the top when a thickset, hunched figure appears above you on the next floor up. The man's face is horribly deformed, his hair long and lank. You realise that he is hunched because he is, in fact, hunchbacked Mathter!" the wretched creature shouts over his shoulder. 'We have been dithturbed!" Another voice, this one free of impediments, calls back, "Deal with it, Igor. The moment is close now, the ¢xperiment cannot be interrupted. So deal with it!" At his master's command, the Hunchback creeps down the staircase towards you, a heavy cosh raised above his head HUNCHBACK SKILL6 STAMINA 7 For the duration of this fight you must reduce your Attack Strength by 7 point because of the precarious position you are in halfway up the staircase with your opponent above you. If the Hunchback wins two consecutive Attack Rounds, turn to 393. [fhe does not and you manage fo reduce his STAMINA to § points or less, turn at once to 422

=== SECTION 164 | PDF PAGE 66 ===

Despite feeling fatigued by your travels you find, as you lie tossing and fuming on the hard pallet bed sleep does nol readily come. There ia something not quite right about this place, no matter how wanm the monks' welcome has been, and the wolf inside you feels threatened too. Unable to sleep, you have to find out more. Creeping through the darkness of the complex - sword at your side, pack on your back - you make your way out of the dormitory. At the top of the monks' nighi-stairs you pause, hearing voices. It is the two monks from earlier and they are talking about you! Then you hear one of them say, "The Abbot will enjoy his audience with our pilgrim.' There is a sinister chuckle underlying the monk's words Come," says the other, 'let us not keep his bloated eminence waiting any longer. The sleeping draught will not last for much longer.' There is no time te lase - the Black Monks are coming for you and you cannot be certain how many there are. You decide to use the fact thal the monks probably think you are asleep to your advantage, and hurry OKO, ek Vel oy, oy SOMO, 4 through the benighted Abbey hoping to make your way back to the entrance and out agaln, before the monks even realise you are gone. Your petaway seems to be going to plan until, halfway along a flag-stoned cloister a atone slab Hilts beneath you and hinges downwards, dropping you into a steeply sloping chute. Unable to arrest your descent, you slide down the pipe into a foetid darkness below. Turn to 194

=== SECTION 165 | PDF PAGE 66 ===

Explaining precisely how you came to acquire the Silver Dagger you show Vereticus the exquisite blade- His reaction is to pull down a scroll from a high shelf 7 and unroll it on his book-cluttered desk, On the scroll a picture of a dagger has been drawn and it looks exactly like the one you have in your possession Incredible!' he exclains. 'And you say that this dagger was in the possession of a snakewoman? Then she must have been Serena the Sorceress of Saarven. I believe it was she who led the actual Summoning Ceremony. A sideshow freak, you say? Serpensa the Snakewoman? Ob how the mighty have fallen. Well they do say that absolute power corrupts absolutely and never has it been more true.' Now return tn 260

=== SECTION 166 | PDF PAGE 66 ===

As the coach races along the road to Wulfenstein, ihe wolves close in, snapping at the hooves of the whinnying horses and snarling as they struggle to gain the courage to make a leap for the carriage itself Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 239. If you are Unlucky, turn to 223

=== SECTION 167 | PDF PAGE 67 ===

Choosing a location you haven't been to already, will you visit Madame Zelda, Mistress of Mystery (turn to 149), the Hall of Mirrors (turn to 63), the Cage (turn to 445), Archer's Arrows (turn to 104), the puppet show turn to 430), Crookshanks' Cabinet of Curiosities turn to 41}, or alternatively, will you now leave the Camivale (turn to 186)?

=== SECTION 168 | PDF PAGE 67 ===

Shiversprite" you shout. The creature's reaction is to Practically jump gut of its hoary skin. There is power in knowing the true names of things, and to name of an elemental creature such as this is to be able to command it to do your bidding. Without a moment's hesitation you declare that the sprite should 'Begone!' and with an ear-piercing shriek Shiversprite evapor- ates into thin air. Regain 1 .vcx point and turn to 314

=== SECTION 169 | PDF PAGE 67 ===

The storm is wild as a ferocious beast. Lightning strikes the top of the tower again. Who said that lightning never strikes in the same place twice? Elemental energy from the lightning storm ignites several fires throughout the scientist's lab. 'My creature! My beautiful creation!' the deranged Professor Arcanum howls and falls to his knees beside the smoking ruin of his golem. And then, screeching like a wildcat, his hunchbacked servant is upon you. (If you have fought him already, reduce his sTaMINa score listed below - accordingly HUNCHBACK SKILL6 «6STAMINA 7 If you win this fight with igor in five Attack Rounds or less, turn to 497. If it takes longer than five Attack Rounds, turn to sf

=== SECTION 170 | PDF PAGE 67 ===

If you win this fight with igor in five Attack Rounds or less, turn to 497. If it takes longer than five Attack Rounds, turn to sf

=== SECTION 171 | PDF PAGE 67 ===

At various stalls around the square you find the sorts of things you might be looky for Tlem Cas? sword 10 Gold Pieces Dagger 6 Gold Pieces Rope and grapple 4 Gald Pieces Crossbow and six quarrels 12 Gold Pieces Breastplate 8 Gold Pieces Lantern and Underbox 3 Gold Pieces Provisions 1 Gold Piece per Meal The majority of the items listed do not need any explanation. There are a few things you should be aware of, however. The dagyer is lighter and less expensive than the sword, but if you fight with this you must reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point. You may wse the crossbow ance in each battle you fight before having to engage in hand-to-hand combat (as long as you still have quarrels to shoot); Test your Skill and if you succeed your crussbow bolt casts your Opponent 2 STAMINA points. On a roll of 1-3 the Breastplate will reduce any damage done against you by 1 point. You may buy as many Meals' worth of Provisions as you can afford, each Meal will restore up to 4 lost STAMINA points Make whatever purchases you desire (as long as you SS Wann a al ba Lane i rie iy A! Rd aa a ae i Hd eee nh if i il ail fh tee ee ee ee = a Al 'hein a ay F Hye Me ss e Tr geet tah | TRON VY Bet ieee een em i et Pee P= ames mi a ee a en a al oe rail = aie i al Coe ee aE iu ---- a! sf ii hy ) Be a i eee ae! ab MN Lpl-a7a have enough money, of course) and then decide what > vou would like to do next, Will you Visit the alchemist-cum-metallurgist's stand? Turn to §4 Join the hunting party before the town hall? Turn to 201 Leave Vargerhof altogether? Turn to 507 The vodka bums your mouth and throat a3 you take a 7 swig, but it is soon filling your whole body with a radiant glow. You may restore up to 3 STAMINA points & drinking the spirit, but the next time you are > mstricted to Test your Skil you must reduce your SKILL by 1 point. That said, the vodka also fills you with renewed courage: for the duration of the next battle increase your Attack Strength by 1 point. Do vou now wan to drink some of the red wine (hirn to 7 153) or will you now leave the cellar (turn to 7)?

=== SECTION 172 | PDF PAGE 68 ===

Snarling and snapping at each other, two hideous walfish forms appear from around the end of the strect. At first you take them to be wolfmen. It is only as they pass from the deeper shadows into a pool of failing daylight that you make out rips in their scabrous hides, through which can be seen bare bone freen-grey internal organs and exposed ribs. Some- times they move on their hind legs like men, some- tmes on all fours - and they have your scent. Theiz eyes burning balefires, the Werewargs - undead werewolves trapped in a decaying semi-lupine form - attack! Fight these savage mansters together SKILL STAMINA First WEREWARG - 4 second WEREWARG ] 7 if you are wounded more than twice, add 1 te your CHANGE score. If you survive your battle,turn to 390

=== SECTION 173 | PDF PAGE 69 ===

As the Vampiress slashes at you with the talons of her bare hands, you fight back with cold steel. Although the wounds you lay against the undead Countess appear to injure her, they close bloodlessly moments later. Conventional weapens cannot harm this creature of the night and in the end her seemingly limitless iron stamina Fiumphs as your battle-fatigued body eventually gives in. Withaut a blessed weapon to use against her, the Vampiress tears your body to shreds Your adventure ends here

=== SECTION 174 | PDF PAGE 69 ===

At your killing blow, the monstrous creature sinks back under the water. With the horror slain, you turn your attention back to the Silver Sword. You feel drawn to the weapon, your skin goose-pimpling in excited anticipation. Butscomething m these ruins is the cause of the oppressive, almost overwhelming, abnosphere of evil that pervades the place like a festering canker Do you want to reach into the water and take the blade turn to 247) or will you spend no longer in the dark and damp, and climb out of the well-pit once more turn to 154)?

=== SECTION 175 | PDF PAGE 69 ===

The voices of the spectral creatures steadily over- whelm your senses until it is the only sound you can bear. It is as if the ghostly howling is speaking to Lhe wolf inside you. It strains to take control of your body and as you try to fight the eHeci your muscles go into spasm. (Add 1 cHawee point.) Caught in a fit, you pole-axe onto the ground, frothing at the mouth, And there you remain while the Strigoivans do all they can to rid themselves of the spectral pack, but to no You wake next day, lying on the cold hard ground wuiside Strigoiva where lhe villagers dumped you alter their traumatic night fighting the ghostly Howl- mg. From the position of the while disc of the sun in the leaden sky above you, you judge that you have slept well into the following afternoon, although you 'eel no better for it. Beyond the easlern boundary of > 'she village you are confronted by a parting of the ways. Will you follow the read as it divides to the =orth. (turn to 160) or the east (turn te 478), or will you 'ake the less well-used tack into the forest that lies a nile orso to the north-east of Strigoiva (hum to 8)? i : A Ri # wh) ee A 'e: 4

=== SECTION 176 | PDF PAGE 70 ===

Distant thunder rolls across the sky and lightning flashes over the mountains far to the north. A storm is coming and you would do well to find somewhere to sit it oul. It is then that you catch sight of the dilapidated windmill standing on a hill not 200 yards up a track off the road. The ragged sails spin, tumed by the rising wind, and you can see the fitful flicker of a light at a high window. Will you seek shelter within the derelict windmill (turn to 295) or will you brave the elements out in the open (hurn to 198)?

=== SECTION 177 | PDF PAGE 70 ===

Engaging the priest in conversation you soon turn to the topic of the derelict state of the village. 'It's the Lady of Maun,' he confides. 'I once thought she had our best interests at heart but now I'm not so sure. It's I'm still here; I want to do all [ can to help. IF there's evil at work in this place, its source lies within Maun Tower. Whal we need is a brave adventwer to challenge the cruel Countess in her lair. Will you take up that quest?' If you will, you must keep track of how much advance warning the Countess has that you are coming by means of an ALARM rating. Write down on your Adventure Sheet that your ALARM rating is currently o and then turn to 96. If you do not want to take up the quest, you decide it is time to quit the village altogether (tum bo 350

=== SECTION 178 | PDF PAGE 70 ===

You gulp down the mixture and immediately feel sick to the pit of your stomach. However, the potion has bed the desired effect and, although it hasnot actually 'eured you of your lycanthropy, it has significantly Smeduced its effects. Reduce your CHANGE score by 4 ® points (but note it cannot drop below 1) and regain 1 "atck point. Vereticus tells you that, much as he would ike to offer you a bed for the night, he feels that you ® ould press on in your search for the Arch- ® iycanthrope as, with the approach of the next full ® oon, tme really is of the essence. Thanking the ® solar for all his help, you leave the tumbledown State - but not before Vereticus has given you 3 Meals @ Provisions. Turn to 46 1 te life he went by the name of Lord "Filthy" Lucre Konrad explains. His crimes were many - from '@stortion and armed robbery, to horse-stealing and cold-blooded murder - and his reputation spread far ® and wide throughout this country and beyond. That ® @ until the roadwardens ran turn to ground at The

=== SECTION 179 | PDF PAGE 70 ===

I) Gibbet Tree inn. He met his end there and then, the "madwarden's captain beheaded the highwayman with his own sabre in the stable yard of the inn. But it was not long before people reported seeing Lord Lucre abroad again. Then the disappearances began and it was said that Lucre was no longer after people's gold and riches, but was stealing away their souls in sevenge for his own untimely end." Now turn to 395

=== SECTION 180 | PDF PAGE 70 ===

The Map Room takes your breath away. There are no scroll maps or atlases here. Instead, each wall, and even the ceiling, has been painted with intricately detailed maps. There is a map of all the provinces and principalities of Mauristatia and one that shows the entirety of the Cld World. There is even a huge globe standing in one cormer,as tall asa man, arepresentation of the whole of Titan. Covering the broad expanse off the wail to your left is a decorative map of the land af Lupravia, from Strigoiva in the south-west to the town of Vargenhof, Wulfenstein shown balanced precariously on the lip of the Garou Gorge to the north-east. An exageerated picture of Castle Wulfen has been painted, above the representation of the village it watches over like some forbidding sentinel Although the room itself is a wonder, there is nothing here of practical use to you and so you pass througha door in the far wall, and into the corridor beyond Turn to 4az OKO him Gece 2

=== SECTION 181 | PDF PAGE 71 ===

The passageway ends at another wooden door. You pass through into an abandoned inquisitorial torture chamber, thick with cobwebs. From there you pass through a second door and climb a flight of stone steps until you arrive at another. This plain wooden door is also unlocked so, turning the handie, you step through. Turn to 356

=== SECTION 182 | PDF PAGE 71 ===

Van Richten, the man you killed, might have been a paranoid borderline psychotic, but ultimately he fought on the side of Good, intent on saving the People of Lupravia from their wretched fate. Although Fou only put an end to him in self-defence, you have telped Old Night tighten its prip on this world. (Lose LLUCcK point.) .A hasty search of the Vampire Hunter's body uncovers a purse containing 10 Gold Pieces and aSilver Charm Necklace. OF course, there are also the boly weapons of his righteous calling: his rapier blade and the Flinileck Pistol, along with a pouch containing Silver Bullets. The rapier is lighter and easier to wield than your own sword. If you choose to exchange Your weapon for this you may add 1 to your Attack Strength in battles. Record any items you take on your Adventure Sheet. (If you want to find out mare about how to use the Flintlock Pistol, you may turn to - Paragraph 400 at any lime, making a note of the paragraph you are on at the Gime first.) You spend the resi of the night with Van Richten's corpse for > arnpany, and in the misty grey haze of morning are anly too keen to be on your way again. Turn to 250

=== SECTION 183 | PDF PAGE 72 ===

Tell me what you know," you demand, your voice barely more than a growl Count Varcolac was not always as he is now," ihe crone explains. 'Once he was an ordinary mortal man but now he is something much greater, and much less For all his strength and invulnerability there is one thing he fears, dhe touch of silver, and one weapon in particular - a consecrated Silver Dagger. So much so in fact, that he has gone io great lengths to hide it within the castle, while also keeping it near him, for fear of anyone else chancing upon it and using its power against him.' Where can I find this dagger?' you demand Not far from her,' the witch stammers, fearful before your bestal anger. "Re turn to the main hall where you doubless entered the castle and climb the stairs Beyond the double doors you want the Map Ream. In this room there is a secret door, the means of opening itis hidden within the picture of Castle Wulfen itself Beyond this door lies the dagger's resting-place. It is ound to be guarded but by what I do not know.' This valuable information indeed. (Regain 1 Luck point Brou ever find yourself in the Map Room, to look for is secret door, deduct 50 from the paragraph you are ® ex at the time and turn to this new reference. 'Now Mave me in peace!' the cld crone snarls. Will you Save, as she demands (hum to 467), or finish her first =! 10 be sure (turn to 50)?

=== SECTION 184 | PDF PAGE 72 ===

Beyond this door lies the dagger's resting-place. It is ound to be guarded but by what I do not know.' This valuable information indeed. (Regain 1 Luck point Brou ever find yourself in the Map Room, to look for is secret door, deduct 50 from the paragraph you are ® ex at the time and turn to this new reference. 'Now Mave me in peace!' the cld crone snarls. Will you Save, as she demands (hum to 467), or finish her first =! 10 be sure (turn to 50)?

=== SECTION 185 | PDF PAGE 72 ===

As the hunchback falls to the floor dead, flames lick- '@g, at the banks of equipment around you, through a Gckering heat-haze you see the professor pull a bottle @ lurid green liquid from a shelf and down ib Sentents in only a few gasping gulps. He turns to face you with fury in his eyes. As you watch, his body Gegins to expand. His lab-coat rips along the seams as » be shoulders swell, his arms bulging with cords of tuscle. The man's face and hands quickly become ® oovered with thick hair. Snorting like an enraged bull, the transformed professor lumbers towards you knuckles dragging on the ground. You are no longer facing the deranged genius Professor Arcanum, out must now take on the raging animal side of nx personality - Arcanum Unbound! ARCANUM UNBOUND SKILL 10 STAMINAY If you overcome the changed professor, with your killing blow you deliver him an almighty clout that sends him reeling (rum to 197 As you thought, the dark water of the pool is ice cold and, as a resnlt, wonderfully refreshing. In fact it is better than that there are minerals dissolved in the water that revitalise your body, re-energising you Regain 3 STAMINA points.) Re turn to 31 and choose a way to proceed

=== SECTION 186 | PDF PAGE 73 ===

If you have the codeword Retsis or Eprarts recorded on your Adventure Sheet turn to 209, [f not, bum Eo go

=== SECTION 187 | PDF PAGE 73 ===

Om the first floor you come upon a candlelit corridor lined with archaic suits of armour. Various weapons - swords and maces mainly - are mounted on the walls as well as shields bearing various heraldic designs Do you want to lake a mace, seeing as how you already have a sword (horn to 278), one of the shields turn to 203) or will you coninue to explore the tower turn to yy?

=== SECTION 188 | PDF PAGE 73 ===

Good evening,' you say, flashing the barmaid your most winning smule, 'How's trade?' The barmaid continues to stare at the fire and says moxthing. The landlord is watching you edgily from the other end of the bar. Then the girl speaks, her voice heaving a faraway quality. "He still comes to me, you finow? They say he's gone, but he's not. A love like © ems can never be broken. Not even death can keep us Meg! snaps the landlord, silencing the girl. 'That's mough, daughter. Get back to the kitchen. There are @ishes to wash and the floor needs scrubbing!' Meg tums to go and then glances back over her shoulder, fixing you with her stony amethyst gaze for the first time. 'Not even death,' she repeats and then she is gone. The girl's look unnerves you. You suddenly feel that you would prefer just your own «ompany for the rest of the evening and so you rehire ®yourrcom. Turn lo256

=== SECTION 189 | PDF PAGE 73 ===

The Arch-Lycanthrope hollers in bestial delight as the Moonlight continues to work its magic on him. Add 4 points to the Werewcl!'s sTamina score and continue your battle with the moon-changed monster. If you © manage to defeat Count Varcolac, turn to 300 <= ES an SG. Bear eri yaa a I a ie aie /\ hs, Co coe ee ost 4 = Se] F = # t jt Sel r el [ Baar ed le 'ie Hii ion ! - i a Sh hia SR eR Ge

=== SECTION 190 | PDF PAGE 74 ===

Preoccupied with thoughts of how long you have left Sent the next full moon, you barely realise that the sen has set and that the last splashes of colour seederlighting the clouds is fading to dusky amethyst = moon is rising and, with no shelter in sight, it Woks like you are going to have to camp in the open ® =a these dark moors. Just then you come in sight of a ® Seching inn. A light flickers in a window, like a 7 beacon beckoning you on. Eagerly you quicken your gece, determined act to be caught out on these Ssolate moors after what you have heard about the 1) Shosts that stalk the land of Lupravia Sowly, over the unsettling keening of the wind, you Become aware of the jangle of harness behind you- Hearing hooves pounding the road you turn to see who is following you, but there is no one there; no horse, mo rider, nothing. But you can still hear the @tumming beat of the hooves pounding the road. You peer through the darkness, back the way you have -come. And then you da see something. Materialising eat of the gloom, in a haze of greeny-yellow lumin- scence twenty paces from youis the figure of a phan- 'tom rider on horseback. A cape streams out behind the cider and you see he is wearing finely worked Imec-length black leather boots. He lashes the reins of Wes horse as it tears along the road towards you framing at the mouth, its eyes buming witch-lights Asif that were not horrifying enough, the rider has no lead, and yet from somewhere you can hear the cry af. 'Yaah! Yaah! On, Barushka. On till morning!' The phantom rider and its steed are closing on you fast. Will you turn tail and run, trying to reach the safety of the inn before the rider catches you (turn to 60), or will you stand and face the rider (burn to 462)?

=== SECTION 191 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

You throw yourself out of the way as the wolf lands hunched on the spot where you were standing only a moment before. But you are still surrounded by the rest of the pack. You abruptly find yourself face-to- face with two particularly mangy-looking, slavering specimens that try to rake you with their ragged claws while their fellows howl encouragement Fighl the wolves both al the same Hime Fost WOLF 7 6 Second WOLF 6 5 After you have fought two Atack Rounds against the wolves the monstrous Black Wolf - uring of waiting for its fellows to finish you - joins the battle BLACK WOLF SKILL§ STAMINAG You now find yourself fighting all three wolves at the name time. After two further Attack Rounds, or if you reduce the Black Wolf's sTawmNa to 7 or leas, which- eVer is sooner, turn at ance to 271

=== SECTION 192 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

Shrieking with inhuman fury, the vampiric Lady of Maun flies at you, her cloak spreading out behind her like hideous, oversized bat wings VAMPIRES SKILL 10 STAMINA 13 & the Vampiress scores two consecutive hits against you, turn to 228. if you reduce the Vampiress' STAMINA

=== SECTION 193 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

Ons Ose pan imemeiseely 10245 Byou will nol accept my help, given freely and with- mtexpectation of reciprocation, I think you had better eve.' You now see how inconsiderate and ungrateful you have been, but it is too late for apologies. Thank- Vereticus for the use of his library, you leave his Some and the poorly maintained estate, re turning to Be forest path as the sun sinks ever lower. Turn to 46 © drop from the end of the pipe onto a pile of rotting

=== SECTION 194 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

Ste and stinking detritus. You are in what appears ® be little more than a natural cavern that has been sorbed into an underground dungeon complex The cave-chamber ia lit by a dull green luminescence Set comes from patches of moas covering the rugged eof. By this bilious green glow you see that the floor St the chamber is flooded with sludgy water. Hearing * splash you see a tell-tale ripple at the edge of the © pool. You cannot imagine that there is anything that ms could passibly want or need down here sq your mind tums to finding a way out. Two pipe-like Passages lead out of the chamber, one directly ahead @ you (hum to 227) and another to your left (turn to

=== SECTION 195 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

242). But if you want to explore this cave further Hrat Wasting no ime, you strap on your aword-belt and been lying beside the bed. Lighting your lantern heave your pack onto your back, both af which ha step out of the hut and back into the chill nlght. Ulrie follows you, putting on a thick wolfskin cloak bel carrying only his axe for protection, Soon you am swallowed up between the black trees once more and by a combination of lantern-light and moonlight, you scour the benighted forest glades for the elusive herk Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn te 12. If you am

=== SECTION 196 | PDF PAGE 76 ===

Unlucky, tir bo 233 inhabitants of Wulfenstem have locked and barred whatever it is that is making the dreadfu) growling don't Like the look of this place,' she says, her eves narrewed by dark suspicions. 'Itis too wild to be some where that humans should call home. There is toe much of the "Were" about it." She is right; this is the place where you will find the head of the were bleodline you have been hunting, you know itl 'The Straub-Werebeast was brying tc escape to here,' Katye continues, 'and I could well believe that this place holds a veritable werewolf's lair. We have much work to do here. But where to start?' Wu can answer her that, 'The castle,' you say. 'A lord i) who would Set his demesne become a place fit only for @ays and wild an!mals must at least have an inkling tp what is happening here.' Katya agrees and so the wo of you steer your weary mounts towards the feebiddlng edifice of Castle Wulfen, You neglect to tell ter that your heightened animal senses can smell the mek of the Were emanating from the direction of the Sevcring fortress. It is as if something is calling to the wolf in you. Calling it home The gates of the Castle are wide open and so, the scent # wolf hot in your nostrils, you pass beneath the @ecbican. And then your lupme senses are screaming ®warning. You draw your weapon as what looks like @olfman leaps at you from out of the shadows of the @ichouse, batting away the creature's initial attack Mantya receives no such wamung and is pulled from ber horse by another wolfman._ [tis only as the creature Meet attacked you comes at you again thal you take Sone, green-grey internal organs, and hollow ribs. The ®) Werewargs are unholy creatures, undead werewolves ®) @2pped ina decaying semiHupine form and possessed ® of an insane hunger for living flesh. You engage in sattle with one of the monsters as Katya struggles to @efend herself against the other WEREWARG SKILL? STAMINA S W the Werewarg wounds you more than twice, add 1 © ® vour cHance score. If you kill the undead horror turn to 387

=== SECTION 197 | PDF PAGE 77 ===

With his own pained howl of rage and frustration the mad professor stumbles out of the lab, smashe through a wooden balustrade and plunges to his death on the ground at the foot of the windmill You too will have to make your own hasty exit if you am not to be trapped in the burning building and suffe the consequences. However, as you look for a way out, you spy a shelf, as yet untouched by the flames on which stand what look like various bottled potions Ifyou want to take a closer look at these bottles before fleeing, fun to 212, otherwise, turn to 291

=== SECTION 198 | PDF PAGE 77 ===

Getting off the road, you hunker down in a ditch using your travelling cloak like a tarpaulin. Exhausted you soon fall asleep, despite the inclement weather You are woken some time later when the full fury a thunder shakes the landscape, loud enough, it seems to shatter the sky. With explosive force, a bolt of retine searing lightning streaks down from the sundered heavens and strikes the top of the derelict windmill There ja a secondary flash from inside the building In the silence that follows the thunderclap, you fancy you hear an insane voice cry, It's alivel' But whatever may be going on inside the abandoned mill you have your own safety to worry about. Lighming and sending secondary bolts sparking down te the ground. Two of these bolts hit the ground nearby but rather than earth themselves harmlessly in the soil they take on the fizzling form of two tiny, and vaguely humanoid creatures. Fizzing and sparking, the Lightning Sprites - true children of the storm - leap erkily towards you, attracted by the metal objects you have in your possession. Fight the elementals both at the same lime. i SKILL STAMINA ® First LIGHTNING SPRITE ¥ 4 second LIGHTNING SPRITE 6 4 Wf you choose to fight the sprites with a sword or dagger, every time you make a successful strike against one of them you receive a sharp electric shock in return, causing you (> lose 2 STAMINA points However, if you ight these elemental beings unarmed yeu will not suffer this damage, although you will have bo reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point for the duration of the battle. If you manage to defeat the of the night battered by howling winds and lashed by trrendal rain. When morning does eventually come you go on your way, sodden and weary (turn bo 500

=== SECTION 199 | PDF PAGE 77 ===

Your blade cuts into the Hound Master's leg and he howls in pain. At once his loyal mastiff is on you Sinking its teeth into your sword-hand before you can kick it away from you. Lose 2 STAMINA points, 1 SKILL point and 1 LucE point. The mastiff suddenly becomes & quaking cur as a dreadful how] cuts through the tense atmosphere of the hall. The true Werebeast is revealing itself, turn to 62

=== SECTION 200 | PDF PAGE 78 ===

With a sorrawfhal heart you gaze down at the dying Ulrich, who has regained his human form. 'Do not blame yourself, my friend,' he manages. "We all have our secrets. I should thank you for releasing me from my own dreaded curse.' Then he is gone. After every- thing that the kind-hearled woodsman did for you in the short time that you knew him, at the end all you could offer in return was death by cold steel, But Ehere is still one more thing you can do for him now No longer troubled by wolves, you spend the rest of the night dipping Ulrich's grave. As the sun finally rises over the forests, drawing a ground mist from the hollows of the trees, you lay the woodsman to rest, plaang his axe on the earthen mound that marks his final resing-place. You leave the spot with a heavy heart and not only because you have had to bury a good man, whatever dark secrets might have troubled his soul. Despile having slain the werevwall that infected you, it is clear the afflichon still has a hold of you Exhausted, you lie down to sleep as a watery sun drags itself into ine sky behind a veil of grey cloud. It has been a harrowing night, aad in spite of all the worrles running through your mind, you still sleep although your dreams are beset by visions of Ulrich changing into a savage bear, roaring in bone wrenching agony When you wake, stiff and sore from slecping on the root-knotted forest floor, the sun is again sinking in the sky. Your search for the head of the werewolf bloodline cannot wait any longer. The next full moon can only be a matter of days away. Something in your blood tells you that the rescluiion to your quest lies somewhere within the land of Lupravia Walking east you descend out of the chill forest and emerge on the westernmost boundary of the princi- pality There is a noticeable absence of birdsong which unnerves you. Crossing gorse-covered heath- land, in the far distance you can see the hazy purple peaks of the mountain wall that holds the ancient principality of Lupravia within its rocky embrace Ahead of you lies a land of menacing forests, boggy moorland and abyssal river gorges Nestled at the base of the narrow valley you are descending is a village of prey, steeply pitch-roafed buildings, clustered together as if for mutual pro- 'xction from the bleak wilderness all around them Slony, cropless fields surround the settlement making a i nd net He sien "i & ' ee

=== SECTION 201 | PDF PAGE 79 ===

the whole place appear truly uninvitng. As you get nearer stil, a weathered road sign informs you that you are approaching the village of Strigoiva, Beyond the huddle of houses, you make out a road that leads away fom Strgoiva before forking in three directions Hf you want to enter the village, turn to 116- Alter- naively, if you would prefer te press on and avoid an encounter with the native populace of Lupravia, you may skirt around Strigoiva and take the road heacling north {burn to 169), the one heading east (turn to 479 or the one less well-travetled that leads north-east into the forest, the scrubby boundaries cf which lie a mile er so from the village (hum to 8 Coming within earshot of the Burgomaster, you listen intently to what he has to say. Filling in the gaps for yourself it soon becomes apparent that the lands sumounding the town are being terrorised by a mon- ster that folk have named the Beast of Vargenhof. This creature ts supposedly responsible for the slaughter Pio ™ ae Pe i " olf sc " -- OF x Ss Soe ae of various sheep and cattle and also for the disappear- 7 ance of a shepherdess, an aging woodsman, and even a child. The Beast is said to be twice a big as a man and walks on its hind legs, but has characteristics more befitting a bear or wolf. Perhaps the Beast of Vargenhof is the Arch-Lycanthtope you are search- ing for Burgomaster Straub has declared that whoever cap- 7 tures or kills the Beast will be presented with a reward fom the town's coffers. Talk of a bounty has drawn all manner of hunters and tappers from the surround- ing hills and forests and it is among these hard-bitten > men that you find yourselfnow. Despite their outward bravado, the hunters are organising themselves into a band, thereby to run the Beast to ground - they obviously believe there is safety in numbers. If you want to join this Beast Hunt you may either do so alone (turn to 456) or as part of the larger party (burn & 259). Alternahvely you may, if you wish to and you haven't already done so, explore the market square harm to 62) or, if you are done here, leave the town altogether (turn to 507 heeieee eee ome

=== SECTION 202 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Beyond the limits of Sirigoiva once more, will you Fellow the road as it splits to the north {burn to 160 to the east (turn io 478), or will you take the less well-used track, into the forest, to the north-east (turn to 8)?

=== SECTION 203 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Reaching up, you lift one of the shields down fram its place on the wall. Nothing untoward happens either which is a relief. There are several different designs bul all of the shields carry Lhe same benefils. For as long as you are carrying the shield in battle you may reduce an enemy's Attack Strength by 1 point. Record the shield on your Adventure Stieet. Will you now take one of the maces down from the wall fom to 278) or leave this floor and look elsewhere {fuorn to 7}?

=== SECTION 204 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Ducking into the deeper shadows of a sunken door- way, feeling your heart pounding in your chest, you try to calm your accelerated breathing. You pray that whalever itis thatis approaching will pass by, without even knowing you are there, Roll two dice. If the talal is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, bum bo 172 ifit is greater,turn to 345

=== SECTION 205 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Meg shrieks as you burst into the stable and jumps to her feet. But what will you do now? Will you rIC Attack the witch? Turn to 274 Wipe out the markings on the floor? Turn to 241 Grab the skull? Turn to 295

=== SECTION 206 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Releasing the reins you arm yourself. The creature's mowers of transformation have restored its strength so that itis as deadly a foe as the first ime you fought Beast of Vargerhol WEREBEAST SKILL& sTaAMINA 11 If you do not have the Quickening special ability, you Must reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point for the duration of your battle with the Werebeast atop the wlting stagecoach. If the Beast wounds you, roll one dice and if you roll a 4, turn to 451. If you survive six Attack Rounds or reduce the Werebeast's stamina to points or less, turn to 4fo at once

=== SECTION 207 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

You reach another junction in the never-ending tun- =els, Will you follow A passageway with puddles of water collected on the floor? Turn to 468 Apassageway with rough, broken stones covering its rocky floor? Turn to 97 Asandy-floored passageway? Turn to 433 is ea: ie Ne 'i CY, A ; ae (it i ons | ih Seal See

=== SECTION 208 | PDF PAGE 81 ===

Once you are past the axe-blade, you hear a grind- ing of pears and the pendulum stops swinging Opening the door at the end of the corridor you enter 3 circular turret room. The chamber has no windows > but is lit by hundreds of candles, some fixed to weought-iron candelabra, many stuck on tap of the melted remains of others. The guttering candlelight is also reflected from a circular black mirror on the opposite side of the room. However, as soon as you enter the room, something takes a step forwards that stops you in your tracks. A great mass of wax, roughly humancid in shape, heaves itself towards you, wicks still buming all over it, liquid tallow fat canning from its inconstant surface. If you are quick, you will be able to escape the room and its guardian, slamming the door behind you and re turning to the Map Reom without having to Fight (hum to 321}. If you want to stay, however, you are going to have to fight as the magically animated creature reaches for you with burning, taper-fingers WAX GOLEM SKILL§ STAMINA 10 you win an Attack Round against the Golem and > vou are fighting it using a bladed weapon, such as a sword or a dagger, roll one dice. On a roll of 6 your blade sticks in the waxy body of the creature and you mnust fight the next round of combat with your Attack Sarength reduced by 2 points as you try to free your blade. If you defeat the room's curious guardian, turn ip 264

=== SECTION 209 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

There is something strange going on within the Carnivale, of that you are sure, but what exactly? You feel that the only way you are going to be able to find out more is if you sneak back this evening under the cover of darkness to investigate further. If you want to do this, turn to 248. If not, turn to 90

=== SECTION 210 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

The Cadre Infernal? Why yes, I can tell you something of the cult's resurgence, J investigated them when I was a member of another secret society, that went under the name of the Order of he Black Rese.' Vereticus' tone is both conspiratorial and excited at having someone with whom to share his carefully gleaned knowledge. 'Twenty years ago, the members of the newly reformed Cadre sought to increase their temporal power in this world through magical means- have learned! that there were five of them altogether I have not yet been able to discover the identities of therm all. Ido know that one of them was the Lady Aranaea, who had been married and widowed five times by fhe time she joined the group. All of her husbands has died under mysterious circumstances eaming her the nickname 'Black Widow". But I digress. The group somehow managed to carry out a Summoning Ceremony, calling up a fell demon from Infernal Pit to grant them all their selfish wishes. I have also found out that the ritual involved the use of five specially consecrated silver daggers. At first all Cadre's members became more powerful but they steadily began to change, corrupted by the evil power CIE 7 they had unleashed, ont at least bvo of them had lost more than they had ever gained by taking part in the ceremony, More than that I do not know.' If you have Silver Dagger, turn to 165. Lf net, you should now eum back to 260 and continue reading the paragraph

=== SECTION 211 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

Your initial assumption was correct; there is nothing Value at all in this effluent sump. But all the while you have been wading around in the foul pool the heat of your bedy has lured something ever closer. As you are considering how to leave the chamber, the sinking sludge erupts in front of you and a snaking pallid white form rises from the pool. An eyeless worm-like head sways from side to side in front of You, its leech-like mouth opening and closing mena- emgly. Sudden as a striking cobra, the overgrown parasite attacks GIANT TAPEWORM SKILL 7 STAMINA 6G H you slay the vile tapeworm, you are free to leave the detritus chamber Will you take the funnel directly ahead of you (tum bo 227) or the one to your left (turn i 242}?

=== SECTION 212 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

The intense heat of the roaring flames already scorch- > mg your eyebrows, you pick out three potions that particularly capture your interest. Wil! you drink a potion that is a deep red in colour and smoking (turn i 231), one thatis a lurid green, syrupy liquid (turn to 1 253) or down the bubbling contents of a bottie that ial [4 continually changes its hue (turn to277)?7 Alternatively you could leave all of them and flee the buming building {turn to 292

=== SECTION 213 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

Unable to resist the call of the Daughters you join the wretched maidens in their spiralling dance, their enchanbnent ightening about you until you forget even the need to breathe, And so it is that you are saved from the curse of lycanthropy as you are lured to a watery grave. Your bones will be picked clean by the creature that calls the depths of the Drowning Pool its domain. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 214 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

The silence of the vault is swept away by a susurrating wind, which brings with it a disquieting feeling af impending doom. At the edge of hearing you can almost believe that the wind is whispering to you- In fact, the half-heard murmur seems lo come from inside the pit. You edge closer and peer into the depthless dark. With a lull in the wind you hear the distant splash and slurp of something moving within watery depths. Do you want to climb down into the Pi to find out what is lurking at the bottom (turn to 2g) or would you rather leave these malign ruins {bum B43)?

=== SECTION 215 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

Heaving open the unbarred bam door you are immediately assailed by the musty smell of animals and damp straw. Itis dark inside the barn and, as your eyes adjust to the gloom, something large canters out of the shadows beneath the hayloft, ready to trample you into the ground. You pet the impression of bony protrusions and a whipping, scaly tail. With an evil sarling whinny, the mad-eyed horse-mutant attacks HAVOC HORSE SKILLG STAMINA If you manage to kill the crazed stallion, you stumble - out of the bam and either into the farmhouse {hum to 4 322) or away from this freakish farm (turn to 244

=== SECTION 216 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

Before the demon possessing the Count can resurrect his werewolf body you take out thefive Silver Daggers that belonged to the five members of the damned Cadre Infernal. You plunge them into Varcolac's body marking out the five points a pentacle. One final unearthly howl breaks from the Arch-Lycanthrope's throat as something like black smoke pours from its mouth, only to dissipate into the chill air of the chamber. If you have the codeword Defiugeb recorded on your Adverfure Sheet, turn to 21. Ifnot, turn to 535

=== SECTION 217 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

On the second floor you come loan omately decorated chamber that is filled with all manner of stone statues They range from sculptures of knights in armour and weeping angels to funereal effigies and the busts of notable individuals fom Lupravia's past. One of the finest examples of the stone-carver's art is the stalue of a griffin standing next toa wall-length mirror hung on the far side of the room. Light from a flickering crystal chandelier casts disconcerling shadows around the chamber so that you could almost believe that the statues are moving. You cannct help thinking that this is a strange place lo have a mirror. Do you want to examine Lhe mirror more closely (turn to 232 or will you leave the ropm and the second flour altogether (turn to 7}?

=== SECTION 218 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

You have barely unsheathed your weapon when the elemental creature sereeches like a wildcat and leaps al you, teeth and claws bared. You have forced the situation to this point and now you have no choice but to defend yourself against your capricious opponent ICE SPRITE SKILI.11 STAMINA 6 IFOld Man Winter's minion wounds you roll one dice onarollofsorétheelemental's freezing touch numbs you to the bone, dulling your senses (reduce your Attack Strength by a point). If you are able to reduce the sprite's STAMINAa to 2 poimts or less, turn at once to 247

=== SECTION 219 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

"ou have no idea what the crazed spider-woman is calking about. 'No? Then why are you here? Have you some to steal my pretties, is that it? You would take =v beasures from me? How dare you?' she screams With a speed and agility you would not have expected Soma monster as large and bloaled as she, the Spider- Queen leaps from her web, ready Lo punish you for <ntering her lair. But how are you going to fight back? = you want to defend yourself using your sword, turn = 252. If you want to fry using your lantern lo set fire 0 her webs (if you have a lantem and it can put it to =se here), tarn to 304. If you would rather run lor it

=== SECTION 220 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

As you sit down opposite the serious young man he shakes himself fom his reverie and appears tu lighten He too, it would seem, is glad of the company in this sange staging post. It tums out he is not a native of - ats nt y or feel 'i O these lands but comes from far off Scarton in Analand His name is Hans and, with a mutual bond discovered the two of you make idle conversation. While you steer clear of revealing the true reason for coming to Lupravia, he develops the urgent need to open his heart. 'It's my sister,' he says, worry ringing his eyes 'my little Leisel. She had had enough of life in Scarton especially as my parents tried to force her to marry the son of the local burgomaster. When the Carnivale came to town she saw a chance to escape her fate. A weird, grotesque and macabre travelling circus it was but the morning after the Carnivale had packed up and moved on, Leisel was gone. | followed on foot but the Carnivale - travelling as a caravan of wagons -always remained a day or so ahead of me. I hope to catch up with itsoon, find my sister, and persuade her te come home.' His story finished, a preat weariness comes over Fans. He apologises for his rudeness but says that he must retire and get some sleep, so you bid him good night, wishing him well with his search Add the codeword Retsis to your Adzenture Sheet Will you follow Hans' lead and make for your own bed (turn to 258), or would you rather engage the landlord in conversation, if you haven't done so already (turn to 155), or the barmaid (turn to 188)?

=== SECTION 221 | PDF PAGE 85 ===

Holding your lantern aloft, you take in the sub- terranean chamber in which you are standing. It Opens up away from you like a cave, all murky gloom and a regular echoing drip. The only other sound is the splash and ripple as you move through a foot of foul-smelling waler. And then you see it: the glitter of something silvery beneath the surface of the water caught in the ambient light of your laniern. Jt is a s*ord that shines with a silvery gleam, even through the stirred up filth. As you reach out a hand jowards the submerged blade, something reaches for you. A dick, rubbery tentacle bursts from the water, causing rou to jump back as something palefleshed and monstrous heaves its massive bulk towards you from > ott of its shadowy lair You get the impression of grabbing tentacles and pseudopods, huge watery eyes, a cavernous moulh packed with teeth, a mucus- oozing blowhole, and white albino-[Mesh. This lurking horror has been lying in wait for its usual prey - rats small crustaceans and the jike - but sensing the hot blood pumping in your veins has excited its unholy appetile. You cannot hope to escape without a fight $0 fight you must LURKING HORROR SKILLQ STAMINA 10 If you manage to slay this foul fiend, turn to 174

=== SECTION 222 | PDF PAGE 85 ===

Se 5 = ear ae pee "iti Pie And then the devils are gone again, their bodies dissolving back imto the mist. You breathe a sigh oi relief at having overcome your grotesque assailants But any sense of a reprieve from the horrors of Ferumoor are short lived as yet another horible how! resonates through the cloying mists. This is no wolf but something else, yet Unmistakeably canine - something demonic. Roll two dice. Lf the total rolled is Jess than or equal fo your CHANGE score,turn to 251. If itis greater, turn to 342

=== SECTION 223 | PDF PAGE 86 ===

And then the devils are gone again, their bodies dissolving back imto the mist. You breathe a sigh oi relief at having overcome your grotesque assailants But any sense of a reprieve from the horrors of Ferumoor are short lived as yet another horible how! resonates through the cloying mists. This is no wolf but something else, yet Unmistakeably canine - something demonic. Roll two dice. Lf the total rolled is Jess than or equal fo your CHANGE score,turn to 251. If itis greater, turn to 342

=== SECTION 224 | PDF PAGE 86 ===

And then one of the welves does indeed find the brazen bravado it needs to assault the stagecoach. The lithe, grey-pelted creature manages a gravity-defying leap onto the roof of the coach and, having found purchase with its unsheathed claws, goes far you GREY WOLF SKILL? STAMINA6G Unless you have the Quickening special ability, duc to your precarious position on the roof of the carriage you must conduct combat with the wolf with your Attack Strength reduced by a point. If you tiumph in this battle, turn to 239 You place the Gold Piece in Madame 7elda's out stretched hand and she makes il vanish with a sleight of hand flourish. She begins making exaggerated hand meverents over the crystal ball and you fancy yeu can sce swirling clouds forming within its depths

=== SECTION 225 | PDF PAGE 86 ===

"ah yes,' the forbune-teller begins theatrically, 'I see many perils ahead, but also great courage and a goal achieved,' This sounds like the sart of rubbish she probably tells al] her puniers. But suddenly Madame Zelda's voice changes dramatically, dropping by several octaves, and her eyes roll up into her head revealing the whites Beware the storm-made monster amd shun the eastern hills. Nothing but death awaits you there,' she moans. 'Heed the words of a mourning father and seck out the rock of wolves. And once you are within the belly of the beast, wake not the man of brass but seek out the infernal cadre." Madame Zelda shakes her head as if stirring from a waking dream. "Er, yes, the, um, stars have spoken,' she says, sounding as if she can't quite cemember what has just happened. "Yes, the future is an undiscovered country, um, but your path is clear, Go now, be on your way!' The fortune-teller is clearly distressed and, feeling a little shaken yourself, you decide not to hang around any longer. Add the codeword Dioterof to your Adventure Sheet and burn io 169 The unnatural cacophony continues, setting your teeth on edge and working in an even more sinister way upon your lycanthropy-riddled body. The wolf within howls in discomfort and struggles to be free of the tormenting music. You fight to keep the beast WN Be rie Fe a NW MN, 2 Meili OS i By 4a, 2 = Bice ares pe EU. See ae Sees i Bey i iia ei fe or Le = =i elu ie eee le oo NN on a es eS ee eee = . =a contained but feel that the animal inside is steadily taking control, (Add 1 to your CHANGE score and lose 1 LUCK point.) Howling in anger, fear and frustration you flee the cursed Music Room. Turn to 321

=== SECTION 226 | PDF PAGE 87 ===

You make your way along the passageway, down the stairs and into the empty, darkened bar room. A half apen door leads you outside into the coaching inn's Stabling yard. The moon hangs over the bleak moors casting everything in its cold, monochrome light Your gaze is drawn to the silvery disc and something deep inside you howls in joy at the touch of the moonbeams But across the yard another light beckons, spilling from the crack between the stable doors. Stealthily you sneak over to the stable and put an eye to the gap Inside, the straw has been cleared from the middle of the floor and a curious, and disturbing, symbol! has been drawn on the floor, surrounded by esoteric nines and zodiac symbols. The space is lit by candies stuck t barrels and crates positioned around the esoteric circle. At the centre, Meg, the landlord's daughter, is conducting some kind of ritual. In front of her, on the cold, stone floor of the stable, is a human skull. You watch transhxed as the witch chants under her breath m some unintelligible language, making mystical eestures with her hands As you watch her conducting her unholy rite, you feel the wind at your back and your hackles rise. Dark powers are being drawn to this place and who knows what might happen if Meg is allowed to finish her spell. Will you wait for her ta complete the ritual (turn to 308), or burst into the stable without further hesi- tation (turn to 205)?

=== SECTION 227 | PDF PAGE 88 ===

Crouching low in the waterlogred tunnel you wend your way towards a barred circle of light in the distance - it must be a way out! The himnel widens and you see that it ends at a circular grille: beyond that lies a torch-lit stone-walled corridor. You are aware of a sinister scuttling sound and look up at the curve of the hinnel roof above you. Antennae rippling fepugnantly, the huge centipede moves towards you on its myriad, jointed legs. As you prepare to defend yourself, a second overgrown centipede raises it head from the channel ahead of you and writhes towards you, its body covered in tough, chitinous armour. In the confines of the tunnel-pipe, fight the centpedes one ata time SKILL STAMINA First GLANT CENTIPEDE a 7 second GIANT CENTIPEDE g 7 Ifyou manage to defeat both the carnivorous creatures you make it to the grille without meeting further resistance. Turn to 441

=== SECTION 228 | PDF PAGE 88 ===

The Countess batters through your defence with her bare hands and pounces on you, sinking her long fangs into your throat. Penetrating your jugular, she sucks noisily at the hot blood gushing from the wound Lese 3 sramina points. Suddenly the Vampiress recoils from you, gagging horribly and retching blood Your blood is tainted!' she gasps. 'Another already nasa claim on your cursed soul!' Hearing this you feel saat you must be Iruly damned if even one of the aristocracy of the night will not feed on your life-force Add 4 to your CHANGE score. However, if you have Cursed Bloodline affliction, you may also subtract 3 soints from the Vampiress' STAMINA. Finish your figlit with the Lady of Maun and if you reduce her STAMINA sore to 4 points ar less, turn immediately to 245

=== SECTION 229 | PDF PAGE 88 ===

With a final thrust, your sword enters the Werewolf's chest, sinks up to the hilt, piercing the creature's heart until the tip emerges from its back. The beast dies ssuing one last howl as its limp body slides olf vour blade. Your attention immediately turns to the wretched wooadsman, who lies gome feet from you where he was felled. You arc about to rush to your friend's aid when you suddenly stop yourself. 'You rave faced the beast lying at your fect more than once 'his right; can you be cerlain that the fiend is really Sead at last? Will you make a closer inspection of the werewolf's corpse (turn to 35) or go straight to Ulricli's aid (hum. to 107)? if you are fighting with a sword which has been engraved with a particular name, turn that name into z number, using the code A=1, B=2, C=3...#=26, and then turn to the paragraph with the same number. Li you do nothave such a weapon,turn to 150

=== SECTION 230 | PDF PAGE 88 ===

if you are fighting with a sword which has been engraved with a particular name, turn that name into z number, using the code A=1, B=2, C=3...#=26, and then turn to the paragraph with the same number. Li you do nothave such a weapon,turn to 150

=== SECTION 231 | PDF PAGE 89 ===

As luck would have it you have consumed a poton that, among its other healing properties, is intended to reverse the effects of lycanthropy. Restore up to 6 STAMINA poils, Tegain 1 LUCK point and reduce your CHANGE score by 4 (although it cannot drap below 1 Will you now try one of the other potions (turn to 337 or tarry neo longer and escape the blazing stmicture fam bo 297)?

=== SECTION 232 | PDF PAGE 89 ===

Crouching in front of the mirror, you examine where the glass meets the frame. The sound of stone grinding on stone sends a shiver down your spine. You react instantly, jumping back Irom the mirror as the stone priffin comes lo life and steps down from its plinth With a granite growl, the statue swipes at you witha marble paw, Once again you are fighting for your life STONE GRIFFIN SKILL8 STAMINAY If you are using a bladed weapon, such as a sword ora dagper, a successful strike against the animated statue will only cause 1 STAMINA point of damage. If you are using a mace, a hit will cause 2STAMINA points damage. If you manage to destroy the statue, add 1 to YOur ALARM score With the stone guardian defeated, you resume your inspechon of the mirror. Test your Skill. If you are successful, turn bo 269. If you fail you are unable to find anything unusual and so have to leave this floor turn to 7)-

=== SECTION 233 | PDF PAGE 89 ===

After an hour of searching you still have not found the belladonna plant you so desperately need. Even wilh Ulrich's woodsman's skills, hampered by the smothering darkness he finds nothing. 'You are feeling worse than ever. The fever is eating you up and you feel nauseous to the pit of your stomach. (Add 1 more CHANGE point to your total.) Ulrich suggests that it would be foolish to waste anymore Hime look- ing for the herb, considering your worsening con- dition, se will you now set off after the wolf pack (burn to 473) or go in search of Grandmother Zekova (turn to yoz}?

=== SECTION 234 | PDF PAGE 89 ===

In time the pain passes again and you continue your journey, determined to press on further before finding somewhere ta pass the night. It is then that the sound of music drifts to you through the forest - voices taised in sone accompanied by a Intng accordion accompaniment, A little further along the path you catch glimpses of firelight flickering behind the silhouettes of midnight black trees. Do you want to leave the road and travel towards the music and the light of the campfire (hum te 288), or would you rather keep on along your current path and lock for a place to stop well away from any other encampments (turn to 275}?

=== SECTION 235 | PDF PAGE 90 ===

Despite being in an obvious state of neglect, with the door in the base of the tower shut behind you, the stane building proves to be weather-tighl, sheltering you from the worst of the slorm raging outside, the wind soughing through the shredded sails of the windmill. Free of the torment of the tempest you take a more measured look around you. The base of the lower is cluttered with boxes, crates, barrels and curiously, pieces of melal machinery. In fact there is nothing here to suggest the true purpose of a working mill, certainly neo bags of flour or grindstones. A rickety wooden staircase leads up to the floor above and, gazing up into the gloom, you can see another level beyond that, As you gaze upwards you fancy you sce the shadowy sugeestion of movement in a flickering flash of lightning. Was there really some- thing moving up there, or was it simply your over- wrought imagination playing ticks on you? Will you Investigate this level of the windmill-tewer more carefully before settling down lo sleep? Turn to 256 Climb the unsteady staircase to the next floar? Turn to 164 Seltle down to sleep straightaway, ignoring what you think you mighthaye seen? Turn to 279

=== SECTION 236 | PDF PAGE 90 ===

Three alternative exits present themselves but which way will you chaose? The trtangular tunnel? Turn to 34

=== SECTION 237 | PDF PAGE 90 ===

The tunnel with walls covered with preen alpae? Turn to 405 The passage shewn with pebbles? Turn to 159

=== SECTION 238 | PDF PAGE 90 ===

The creature suddenly dances away from you in a flurry of snow flakes. 'Winter's pall and first snowfall warm hearts grow cold, we claim them all,' it sings in its squeaky voice. You suddenly find yourself at the centre of a freezing whirlwind. You can feel ice crack- ling across yaur skin but can do nothing to stop its freezing effects. You find yourself paralysed by cold your body as immovable as a block of ice. By the time moming comes, you have thawed out and are able to move again, but the winter sprite's chilling enchantment has had a detrimental effect upon your body, (Lose an additional 3 stamiwa poinls and 1 SKILL point.) IE you are still alive after this ordeal,turn to 4a4 wot es Fo GaaCae tie"

=== SECTION 239 | PDF PAGE 91 ===

You while away the rest of the day in the village of Baici itself. There is nothing particulariy special about the place: it has a mill, tavern and forge, and its people spend their days tending the land or labouring in the forest to the south-east A basic meal of meat and potatoes, along with a flagon of ale at the village tavern, will cost you 2 Gold Pieces and restore up to 4 STAMINA points. As dusk falls you make your way back to the area of the Carnivale. The circus is now closed to the public for another day and most of the piace is in darkness. You skirt the perimeter awning the circus people have setup until you are ina position where you afe sure no one can see what you are doing Loosening a sheeted panel you slip inside and make your way stealthily between the tents, stalls and standing wagons. You are just trying to decide where Dr gee SB oy a ae "ee mae to explore first when you hear a noise. It is the sound of urgent voices. 'T tell you, someone's broken in,' one says. "They won't get far,' says another. The voices are getting closer. you are going fo come face-to-face with their owners any moment. if you run you will definitely be spotted, but there might be another way "out of this. If you want to stand your ground and face whoever is approaching,turn to 257. Alternatively you can try to Fude. Ifso, will you hide in the large tent to your left (hum to 370) or the painted caravan to your right (bum to 316)? The coach sweeps around a bend in the road and itis then that you see the chasm before you. Katya urges the horses towards the wooden, lamp-lit bridge, which spans the gaping gorge. With the stagecoach picking up speed, it is only when you are too close to even atempt to stop the horses that you realise someone - or something - has tampered with the bridge. The middle span is missing entirely, broken spars stretching out into the precipitous void that yawns beneath it. Trying to contain her rising sense of panic Katya whips the horses into a frenzy, urging them at the last possible moment to jump. If you did not take an earlier diversion through the forest, turn to 502- If you did take this diversion roli one dice and add twelve, giving you a total of between 13 and 18: this is the horses' combined STAMINA score. Then roll four dice. If the total of these four dice is less than or equal to the horses' sTaMINa score, turn te 502. [fit is greater furn to 380

=== SECTION 240 | PDF PAGE 92 ===

Without looking back you flee the Tower, nothing standing between you and freedom. You are back on the blasted escarpment, thinking you have made it away safely, when a terible screeching cry resounds across the hilltop. Sweeping dowm out of the night sky is a foul, winged creature, roughly humanoid in shape, with an ugly, oversized head and a thin stunted body. Stretched between its arms and legs are vast leathery wings and it reaches for you with bird- like claws. You have no cheice but to fight the Harpy HARPY SKILL7 STAMINA 6 If you survive the encounter, you finally take shelter for the night in the lea of a huge, mossy boulder. The next day you set off again, circumnavigahng the village of Maun this time and joining the road that leads north. Turn to 450

=== SECTION 241 | PDF PAGE 92 ===

You scuff away part of ihe chalk-drawn sigil with the heel of your boot, drawing your sword ready to defend yourself at the same ime. A sudden gust of wind whirls around the stable, like a bapped tomado and the candles are snuffed out. At the same moment the landlord's daughter lets oui a lerrible ery of anguish. Suddenly the Headless Highwayman is there again, on the back of his phantom steed. "And now my love, we shall be together forever!' he declares over the howling, gale-force wind. With that he gathers the young witch in his arms and swings her onto the saddle in front of him. The symbol was a SS SSS ee OD "-té"'('"'éa_eLLL' Summoning Sigil, a witch-mark of ill-omen, used to draw restless spirits lo a place. Having destroyed it you have broken the girl's power aver the ghost of the Headless Highwayman. Turn io 76

=== SECTION 242 | PDF PAGE 92 ===

You progress along the tunnel in a half-crouch, until it becomes more like a proper passageway and you can stand upright again. The luminescent moss does net let your eyesight penetrate very far through the gloom; your ears pick up the approaching drone long before you see the two huge flies. They are grotesquely overgrown insects, their bloated bodies black with stiff hairs. The buzzing of Lhe Giant Flies intensifies as they home in on you, darting forwards as they try to Puncture your flesh with their long, needle-sharp proboscises SKILL STAMINA First GLANT FLY 6 5 Second GLANT FLY 5 é If you kill both of the insects, turn to 261

=== SECTION 243 | PDF PAGE 92 ===

Lying in a hollow between patchy gorse bushes is the body of an adventurer, much like yourself. Only this poor wretch is obviously dead, his body lacerated by terrible claw marks. His backpack lies at his side and seeing as he has no use for it now, you nummage through it. You find a total of 8 Gold Pieces and enough food for 2 Meals. But while you have been investigating this scene, the crows have been circling OO ----- SSS E> =a 3 "te: ZZ a * 5 ees ad ah i WE Ne sd Nine? mm! it) Vind | eee oO iF ai" jae a Ht Aa Spe fe ib Pm P Nb = ee is** "gy i me rg - a oF a es 7h] | hig i fie fi OO ee Pr) Weg Sb oie ee i a aS a tal Bos eek eae | P= at gees Al i ony SNe closer and closer. Squawking loudly, the birds sud- denly drop out of the sky, beaks snapping and talons clawkng MURDER OF CROWS SKILL6 STAMINA 12 If you defeat the crows, thereby driving the flock away, you set off east again, before the birds become emboldened and return. Turn to 69

=== SECTION 244 | PDF PAGE 93 ===

Your search for the Beast has been frustratingly futile and has brought its own dangers. In the end you have mo choice but to rehurn te the relative safety of the iown before the moon mses. The sun has sel, the walls Vargenhof a solid black shadow againsi the purp- ling skyline, still some way off, as you make your way back through the forests bordering the town. Sud- denily, a savage and yet moumful cry cuts through the night: it came from somewhere nearby. Running hell- for-leather, you burst into a clearing between the dark trees and a monstrous sipht preets you. Lying on the floor of the clearing is a young woman, wearing a hooded cloak, dose-fitting bodice and trews, her discharged crossbow fallen at her side. Looming over her is a monstrous creature, seemingly part wolf, part bear, and yet with some semblance of a human Lupine senses flaring, there is no doubt in your mind that this is the Werebeast of Vargenhof! Sensing your presence, the creature gives voice to a bellowing roar and burns from the defenceless woman to face you. It is Lhen that you see the crossbow bolt pro- truding from the flesh of its right arm. You have little time to prepare yourself before the monster is upon You WEREBEAST SKILL STAMINA 11 If the monster wounds you more than bwice, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you survive five rounds of battle against the monstrous creature, or you manage to reduce its STamMiINa score te 5 points or less, turn at once ta 434-

=== SECTION 245 | PDF PAGE 94 ===

The Countess shrieks and whirls away from you wrapping her cloak around her. 'You will never leave my domain alive!' she wails and, with that, her corporeal form dissoives into black mist. Have you destroyed two coffins while exploring the tower? If so, burn fa 263. If you have only destroyed one, or none at all, tuo to 286

=== SECTION 246 | PDF PAGE 94 ===

Begone, night creature!' the man starts yelling. "Get away from here and leave us in peace!' At this, the assembled villagers shuffle towards you too, waving their pitchforks and bilthooks in the air. These people have obviously been unnerved by something and are preparing to vent their fears and frustrations on you With a sudden shout of, "Ball the night creature!' from their middle-aged leader, the angry mob rushes you Tf you are going to get out of Strigoiva alive you are going to have to fight your way out ANGRY MOB SKILL 7 CIC i a 'J # Ni ant ; ry pie : Pi BEA J fo ye! AA 1 eS aes Ne GE Ne Wye a4 es oe BI a} ib coh Ty ») wey te 4 On eae Fight the agitated villagers as if they were one opponent. However this is nota conventional combat You are not trying to injure these hapless peasant folk although they are most definitely trying to kill you! If the mob wins an AHack Round, deduct STAMINA points from your total as normal. If you win an Attack Round, however, you do not deduct sTaMINaA poimts as you would against a conventional enemy. Instead if you win two Attack Rounds in a row or, failing that aftec six Attack Rounds (if you are still alive), you manage to break free of the angry mob and escape from Strigoiva (turn to 202

=== SECTION 247 | PDF PAGE 94 ===

You give voice to a terrible baying cry and watch as the huge wolves quail and quake, whimpering at your animalistic howl, before finally turning tail and Tunning from you. Tim to 513

=== SECTION 248 | PDF PAGE 95 ===

Red in Tooth and Claw - As part of your slow but steady transformation into a Werewolf, your fingemails have hardened into talons and your canine teeth have lengthened. This means that you are now just as effective and deadly in battle unarmed as you are armed. If you ever have to fight unarmed you may ignore the penalties placed upon you. Record thisnew special ability on your Adventure Sheet and then turn to the paragraph with the same number as the one you were last instructed lo write down

=== SECTION 249 | PDF PAGE 95 ===

Moving, steadily towards the heart of the dusk- shrouded ruins, you find yourself at the top of a flight of wom stone steps leading down into a dome-roofed underground chamber. Drawn as you are towards this darker gloom, you will need to be able to light your lantern to progress further. If you have a lantern or, if nat, the Night Crrahire special ability, bum to 101 If nol, you will have to retrace your steps and leave the ruins (turn to 38 EPG - ANCL -

=== SECTION 250 | PDF PAGE 95 ===

Before you even come in sight of Maun you see the tower that looms over it, lacking like a black clutching claw against the blank canvas of the sky. Keeping a wary eye on the tower, and the tiny ragged shadows flitting about its turrets, you follow the road down into an enclosed valley, which holds the crumbling buildings of Maun. The pale-faced peasants you see struggling to tll the land appear possessed of a morbid lethargy. Their homes are in a state of disrepair, the thatched roofs saggy and green with moss. The whole place seems to lie under a shadowy pall, even though dusk is shill some hours away. If you have the codewordNethcir recorded on your Adventure Sheet, tun to 391. LFnot, turn to 434

=== SECTION 251 | PDF PAGE 95 ===

Inexplicably, you find yourself drawn towards the demonic howling. Following the wailing lure, you stumble over swampy ground, unmindful of what is happening underfoot. You take another step and abruptly sink to your thigh in the peary mud fomentum carries you forward and soon you are up to your waist in a stinking bog. As the reality of your perilous situation hits home, the power the eerie howling had over you is broken. You twist and turn trving lo get yourself out of the bog before you sink any further. You are already up to your chest when You spy a trailing root protruding from a mound, on which a gnarled bush grows. Trying to free yourself om the clutches of the bog, you lean forward szaining every muscle as you try to reach the cool Roll three dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal fo your STAMINA score, burn lo 128. If the total is greater, turn to Gg

=== SECTION 252 | PDF PAGE 96 ===

And then the monstrous spider-creature is on lop of you and you have no choice but to fight back Trespasser!' she shrieks. 'Step into my parlour, would yout Well now you never leave!' Arming yourself YOu prepare to repel the Spider-Queen's assault ARANAEA THE SPIDER-QUEEN SKILL 10 STAMINA 12 The Spider-Queen has several different methods of attack. Each time Aranaea wins an Attack Round, roll one dice and consult the table belaw to see which attack she uses and the damage it causes Dice Roll Attack and Damage I-2 Barbed talons - lose 2 STAMINA points 3. Leaping attack - you are knocked Lo the ground lose 2 STAMINA points} and spend the nexl Attack Round trapped under the monster fighting with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point 4 Web-gpit - you suffer ne wounds but cannot defend yourself during the next AHack Round as you struggle to free yourself from the sticky silken strands § Venomous bite-lose q 5TAMINA points 6 Spider-swanm - tiny, red-bodied spiders bursi from blisters on her abdomen. Roll one dice and lose thal many STAMINA Points as the swanming spiders sink their fangs into your flesh. (How- ever, this attack also costs the Spider-Queen 2 STAMINA porns.) If you manage to slay the Spider-Queen, turn to 364

=== SECTION 253 | PDF PAGE 96 ===

You gulp down the thick, green liquid, which leaves a bitter aftertaste in your mouth - but there is worse to come. You can feel your body swelling and changing as the flesh-warping effects of the lycanthropy are exacerbated. (Add 2 pomts to your CHANGE score Perhaps there is another potion on the shelf that can reverse these devastating effects. Do you want to Iry another of the bottled potions (burn to 437) or will you choose not to put your faith in any more of [he mad scientist's concoctions and flee the building (tum 291)?

=== SECTION 254 | PDF PAGE 96 ===

Even as you turn to run you sense the monstrous wolf launch itself into the air behind you. There is a moment of terrible stillness and then the full weight of the creature lands on top of you, sending you sprawling on the ground. You gasp in pain, the breath knocked out of you, as the wolf sinks its cruel teeth into your shoulder and rakes your back with its steel- sharp claws. {Lose 4 STAMINA points You suddenly hear a gruff voice bellowing at the beast to release you, You feel the wolf on top of you tense The pressure of the steel gin-tfrap of its jaws around your shoulder abruptly eases, as your would-be ON ee aaa by her cold, piercing stare. Roll two dice. If the number rolled is less than, or cqua! to, your CHANGE score turn to 10; if itis greater,turn to 52

=== SECTION 255 | PDF PAGE 119 ===

The Tower of Maun, home of the Countess Isolde stands on a blasted escarpment overlooking the village. The sun has already set by the time your reach the lower and you are surprised to find the gatehouse unmanned. Crassing the bridge that spans a chasm in front of the tower, you enter a high-walled courtyard Climbing a broad flight of steps up to a grand entrance, you knock on the large double doors, The doors are opencd by a gaunt-faced man, dressed in the appacel of a servant. You tell him that you are here to seck the help of the Countess and are ushered into a large, circular entrance hall. From there the man- servant lakes you up a polished stone staircase lo the lop of the tower. Finally he leads you inlo a grand high-ceilinged chamber, omately decorated with heavy velvet window drapes of black and red, the dome of its ceiling painted with a zodiacal map of the heavens. At your abrupt arrival, a striking, platinum- haired woman dressed in crimson and black, her skin as while as ivory, cises from a high-backed wouden thu. Her scrawny servant tells her you are here sovking her help. 'Ls that right?' the Countess says approaching you. 'And how can | help you?' You are captivated by her beauty and find yourself transfixed by her cold, piercing stare. Roll two dice. If the number rolled is less than, or cqua! to, your CHANGE score turn to 10; if itis greater,turn to 52

=== SECTION 256 | PDF PAGE 97 ===

Among the clutter and detritus that has been dumped at the base of the windmill, now lying under a thick covering of dust, you find a gleaming Iron Rad polished toa blue-black finish, with a sphere of metal at one end and a gleaming spike atop that. It is a curious piece and you may add if to your Equipment List if you wish. There is nothing else of value so will you settle down to sleep (humm to 299) or climb the wooden staircase to the nexl level (turn to 169)?

=== SECTION 257 | PDF PAGE 97 ===

Three figures appear, picking their way among the Tropes of the tents. They are taken by surprise when suddenly confronted by you. But you don't know who is more shocked, you or they, for you are faced by three surly circus folk. There is the Carnivale fire-caber (his naked torso covered with a tattoo of a serpentine dragon) and the bald-headed, moustach- io¢d strongman, who is leading a hulking, green- skinned ogre by a length of chain attached to a spiked collar. 'We've found them!" the fire-eater gasps You should think about giving yourself up,' the gruff- voiced strongman says, tugging meaningfully on the lumbering ogre's chain, making the barrel-chested brute grunt with annoyance. As he does so, the fire- ealer moves round behind you, blocking off your escape route. Will you give up, as the strongman suggests (turn to 2812), or prepare to take on all three Camivale characters together (turn te 294)?

=== SECTION 258 | PDF PAGE 97 ===

Stifling a yawn you make for the stairs that lead out of the bar and up to the guest-rocoms. As you leave, you hear the Jandlord making his demands of the barmaid finishing with, 'And lay a new fire in the grate daughter.' To which she mutters something undoubt- edly disrespectful in return. Leaving the miserable pair lo their bickering, you head upstairs for bed. The room is sparsely furnished - a small table, a chair and a pallet bed - but you do not care. You feel shattered after your meeting with the phantom Highwayman Not to mention the wearying march. You are asleep from almost the moment your head hits the pillow You wake from a dream (in which you are chasing through the woods barefoot after a stag} due to your bed being shaken. You open your eyes blearily. 'You cannot see anyone else in the chamber with you by the thin shaft of moonlight entering your room bebween the shutters, but there is the sound of wood scraping on wood, as if the furniture is being moved across the bare floorboards. Cautiously, you ease yourself out of the bed, which has stopped shaking and pull your sword from its scabbard. You watch dumbfounded as the table and chair rise into the air in front of you. They hover there for a moment, three feet off the ground, and then suddenly hurl themselves af you. Incredibly, you find yourself fighting for your life against a table and a chair! Fight the two pieces of furniture at the same time SKILL STAMINA TABLE 5 6 CHAIR 6 4 If you win, turn to 72

=== SECTION 259 | PDF PAGE 98 ===

With the day wearing on, the hunting party sets olf in search of the Beast, The men who make up the band are used to the hardships of life in an even harder Jand. They are men of few wards, who value action over rhetoric. Their hounds strain at their chains snarling and slavering, eager to be after their prey A number of veteran trappers guide the party into the forests north of Vargenhof, beyond the scragey pastures where the Beast took its most recent victim You enter the pinewoods under a glowering, overcast sky, and once beneath the overarching branches it is as dark as if dusk has fallen. The path the party takes wends this way and that through the forest, wolf- hounds and mastiffs being loosed to sniff out the quarry. Others among the group assure you that you are following signs left by the Beast of its passing. You with your own heightened lupine senses, however cannot pick up any scent or sign of such a monster anywhere nearby. As dusk really does begin Ic fall, in desperation the hunters split up and spread out in an attempt to find their quarry. Suddenly alone, you stumble on through the encroaching darkness. If you have the Night Creature special ability, bum to 410. If not, Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, bom to 410; if you Unlucky,turn to 489

=== SECTION 260 | PDF PAGE 98 ===

Here,' says the scholar, proffering a steaming flask 'drink this.' You take the flask and sniff at the steam clouding at the brim. You instinctively recoil in disyust. You ask Vereticus what the elixir is made from. "There's a little wolfsbane in there," he offers 'tincture of silver and oil af mistletoe.' You are going to have to hald your nose as you drink, if you are ever to stomach this curicus potion: but are you even certain you want to drink it? Lf you do, turn to 278. If vou politely decline,turn to 193

=== SECTION 261 | PDF PAGE 98 ===

Further on, the passageway bends to the right and epens into a large, low-roofed cavern. On the other side of the cave, another tunnel, similar to the one you have just lef, continues into the darkness that lies beneath the Abbey rock, But behween you and the onward tunnel the floor of the cave is lost beneath a pool of foetid slime, writhing with the bloated white bodies of Giant Maggots. This explains the aggressive attitude of the Giant Flies towards you: the insects were protecting their brood. The stench here is even worse than that of the effluent pipe and you can see nubs of bone picked clean by the hungry magegats. Do you want to risk crossing the maggot-pool to get te the tunnel on the other side (turn to 293), or would you rather retrace your steps to where you entered this stinking underworld and take the other path (burn to 227)? SS eee Se SS_ li Le i ig Fil i F ty - Fs e " Aue a a if fe r i) fi Ba at a ye CSies tal ef | ah. a 1) Ih AS aA at } HA Pal ' a is, Ws neon i Bi i if Hh lj / nal ee |) gan 3 S = > ao ua = = = | i

=== SECTION 262 | PDF PAGE 99 ===

The monks dead, you stumbie into the sanctuary and come upon the heari of the conmplon in this place Sloshing about in a pit cat from between lifted flagstones, and Alled with cloying preen slime, is a tMagpot of a mapritude you would never have imag- ined. The thing must be 2¢ feet long from snout to tail and as you watch it shudders, its iny blind-head end swaying around, sniffing you out, the maggot's moist white body rippling repulsively, Glutnous slime dribbles from the abomination's incessantly working mouthparts. The sickly sweet smell is at its strongest here and makes you gag. It is then that you realise why if is sa familiar to you: it is the stench of decay Surely evil such as this cannot be permitted to live. If you have the word Stoggam written on your Adventure Sheet, turn ito 365. If not, you could deal with the grotesque Abbol-Mageot with cold steel (ham to 426 or, if you know of another means of fighting the maggot, you will also know a particular name. Turn this name into a number using the code A=1, B=2, C=4 --. £=26, add the numbers together and turn to the Paragraph with the same number as the total Alternatively, you could just nin from the monstrous magpot''s presence and the Abbey (turn to 148

=== SECTION 263 | PDF PAGE 99 ===

The cloud of black mist moves across the palatial chamber at speed, until it disappears under a tapestry on lhe far wall. Hurrying alter it, you pull aside the wall-hanging and find a hidden door. Beyond it, ina camped turret chamber, you find the last of the Vampiress' coffins. Throwing back the lid you see the Te-forming body of the undead dominatrix. Without hesilation you plunge your blade into the creature's chesl, penetraling her shrivelled black heart. The Countless' eyelids flick open and an unholy scream escapes from her gaping mouth as she expires. Before your eyes her flesh dissolves into slime and her black- ened skeleton crumbles to dust. You have destroyed the vampiric Countess Isolde and freed the people of Maun from her tyranny. Regain 2 vuck points! With the undead Lady of Maun truly dead al last, do you want to spend ome searching her chambers for treasures (fm bo 325), or de you want to quit this Place of evil as without further delay (ham to 346)?

=== SECTION 264 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

Vampiress' coffins. Throwing back the lid you see the Te-forming body of the undead dominatrix. Without hesilation you plunge your blade into the creature's chesl, penetraling her shrivelled black heart. The Countless' eyelids flick open and an unholy scream escapes from her gaping mouth as she expires. Before your eyes her flesh dissolves into slime and her black- ened skeleton crumbles to dust. You have destroyed the vampiric Countess Isolde and freed the people of Maun from her tyranny. Regain 2 vuck points! With the undead Lady of Maun truly dead al last, do you want to spend ome searching her chambers for treasures (fm bo 325), or de you want to quit this Place of evil as without further delay (ham to 346)?

=== SECTION 265 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

With the Golem nothing mere than a puddle of melting fat, waxy white chunks and cut candlewicks you cross lhe room and examine the ornate looking- glass hanging on the far wall. Close to, you realise that the mirror has been fashioned from black volcanic glass, its ornately wrought frame, burnished gold. As you stare inta the black glass, your own shadow-eyed face stares back al you. An inscription has been etched into the frame. It reads Ifyou wonld any secrets krow And take all l can bestow Take courage now, step forth and speak And tell nec what tb is you seek If you know what it is you should ask for, turn the name into a number using the cede A=1, B=2,C=3 CIC 2=26, and turn to the paragraph which is the same 35 the total you come up with, If the paragraph makes a0 sense the mirrer will not give up its secrets to =ou which leaves you only two aptions. Will you snash the mirror (turn to 34), or leave the turret room rehim to the Map Room and proceed from there (turn = 421)? 4s the curious being darts over the sparkling ground wou desperately fy to wrack your brains for any way wou can passibly think of to rid yourself af the icy scrite, You now need to test one of your abilities =ther by Testing your Skill or Testing your Lick. If you fest your Skiff and are successful, turn to 289. If your Est your Luck and are Lucky, Lurn to 299, If you fail a0 matter which ability you test, in desperation you zall your sword from ils scabbard (turn fo 229

=== SECTION 266 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

Apart from the pick, the dead Dwarf has few posses- sons about his person, which is probably why he =sked prospecting in such a perilous place. However & the miner's pack you find a still-sloppered potion eolttle labelled 'Fortune'. The bottle has one tot left in Drinking the poton will rehirmn your LUCK score to =s Initial level. This is a lucky find indeed! Now you Sst rehurn to 122 to decide which way to ga

=== SECTION 267 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

Dat of the foetid pool, the blade appears to shine. It is 4 magnificent weapon and has not suffered any G3] [J tamishing, despite its resting-place. Turning the blade over you see engraved gothic lellering flash In the lantern light. They spell out a name: 'Wullen'. You have found a powerlul magical weapon. Reslore 1 LUCK point and, for as long as it is your weapon of choice, increase your Attack Strength in battles by 1 point. As well as counting asa magical weapon, which will harm the undead, demons and mazical creatures Wulfen Sword has a charm bound into it, which works against the moon-wroughit powers of were creatures, Injuries you lay against any creature with the word 'Were' in its name, while wielding the Wulfen Sword will cause 3 sramina poinis damage rather than the usual 2. Add the Wulien Sword te your Possessions. Stil marvelling at the magnificent! weapon you hold in your hands, you begin to wonder what else might be lying beneath the surface of the pool, Do you want to extend the search for artefacts turn to 432} or will you climb out of the pit with your wondrous new find (him to 154)?

=== SECTION 268 | PDF PAGE 101 ===

*... And so | find myself here, a mercenary seeking 2 job that will pay for a comfortable bed ara warm inn for the night,' you say, concluding your story Asell-sword, you say?' The man never once takes his eyes from you. 'Then you have come to the right place But let's not tatk here. You must be hungry after your travels and The Suckling Pig has a roaring fire that will take the chill from your banes.' You allow the man - who is Konrad, headman of Stigoiva - to lead you to the village's only tavern where at his insistence, a bow] of steaming mutton stew is placed before you. You devour the meal hungrily as you listen to what he has to tell you Regain up to 4 STAMINa points We live in cursed times, my friend, and Strigoiva feels tis curse more strongly than other places, On a nightly basis we suffer the attacks of a veritable army al ghosts,' Ghosts? Korrad has captured your attention. 'What ghosts?' you ask Terrible specires all,' he goes on. 'First there is the Shuck, which preys upon travellers on the western moors and keeps Falher Corran a virtual prisoner within the holy shrine to the goddess of the healing spring. Then there is the Headless Highwayman, who ereys on folk who travel the road north to Bala, just 38 he did in his ungodly lifetime. And last, but most zerrible of all, there is the Howling, which assails us in eurhomes each and every night. We have had enough When you arrived, you found us preparing to meet ane ghostly pack and send tt on its way back to Hell er die trying, Will you help rid us of our spectral zormentors? We would reward you in owr own modest way,' you wantto stay and help the villagers in their battle @ith the Howling - whatever that might be - him to 40. If not, turn bo 434 tig There is a definite gap between the edge of the mirror and the frame. Tapping the wall around the edge of the frame you finally find what you are looking for You apply just the right amount of pressure at the right spot and the reflecting glass swings back Beyond the mirror lies a small chamber draped with black velvet and lit by a single red lantem. Standing on trestles is a erand black coffin with gleaming gold handles. If you ever had any doubts that Maun Tower is the lair of a Vampire they vanish now. You know that a Vampire's coffin is its last refuge and as long as the undead creature has such a retreat to rehirn to it can never truly be vanquished. You send the colfin crashing to the floor and smash it to smuthereens Make a note of the fact that you have destroyed the coffin on your Adventure Sheet and add 1 to your ALARM score.) Feeling more confident about the out- come of your mission you leave the second floor to explore elsewhere (turn to 7 0 aA a vat aS: i ay 'Bee ik i

=== SECTION 269 | PDF PAGE 101 ===

*... And so | find myself here, a mercenary seeking 2 job that will pay for a comfortable bed ara warm inn for the night,' you say, concluding your story Asell-sword, you say?' The man never once takes his eyes from you. 'Then you have come to the right place But let's not tatk here. You must be hungry after your travels and The Suckling Pig has a roaring fire that will take the chill from your banes.' You allow the man - who is Konrad, headman of Stigoiva - to lead you to the village's only tavern where at his insistence, a bow] of steaming mutton stew is placed before you. You devour the meal hungrily as you listen to what he has to tell you Regain up to 4 STAMINa points We live in cursed times, my friend, and Strigoiva feels tis curse more strongly than other places, On a nightly basis we suffer the attacks of a veritable army al ghosts,' Ghosts? Korrad has captured your attention. 'What ghosts?' you ask Terrible specires all,' he goes on. 'First there is the Shuck, which preys upon travellers on the western moors and keeps Falher Corran a virtual prisoner within the holy shrine to the goddess of the healing spring. Then there is the Headless Highwayman, who ereys on folk who travel the road north to Bala, just 38 he did in his ungodly lifetime. And last, but most zerrible of all, there is the Howling, which assails us in eurhomes each and every night. We have had enough When you arrived, you found us preparing to meet ane ghostly pack and send tt on its way back to Hell er die trying, Will you help rid us of our spectral zormentors? We would reward you in owr own modest way,' you wantto stay and help the villagers in their battle @ith the Howling - whatever that might be - him to 40. If not, turn bo 434 There is a definite gap between the edge of the mirror and the frame. Tapping the wall around the edge of the frame you finally find what you are looking for You apply just the right amount of pressure at the right spot and the reflecting glass swings back Beyond the mirror lies a small chamber draped with black velvet and lit by a single red lantem. Standing on trestles is a erand black coffin with gleaming gold handles. If you ever had any doubts that Maun Tower is the lair of a Vampire they vanish now. You know that a Vampire's coffin is its last refuge and as long as the undead creature has such a retreat to rehirn to it can never truly be vanquished. You send the colfin crashing to the floor and smash it to smuthereens Make a note of the fact that you have destroyed the coffin on your Adventure Sheet and add 1 to your ALARM score.) Feeling more confident about the out- come of your mission you leave the second floor to explore elsewhere (turn to 7 0 aA a vat aS: i ay 'Bee ik i

=== SECTION 270 | PDF PAGE 102 ===

There being no ime like the present, you scize your moment and leap ak the thing, sword drawn. Seeing what you are planning, the Changeling hisses and leaps inte the rafters above your head. In the same instanl, as if compelled by the will of another, Farmer Bauer and his wife march towards you, arming themselves with a stout log from the woodpile and a rolling-pin, ready to defend their unnatural 'child' The Changeling giggles as the old couple try to batter you with their improvised cudgels. You have no wish to harm the elderly pair and so fight only to disarm them. Farmer Bauer has a SKILL score of 6 and Mistress Bauer a sxILt of 5. Roll far Attack Rounds as normal but reducing your Attack Strength by i point. You need to win two Attack Rounds to disarm each opponent, and have to fight them both at the same time. If the farmer or his wife win an Attack Round you will suffer damage as normal. Keep a track ofhow many Attack Rounds it takes to disarm the pair (you will need to fight a minimum of four). When you have disarmed both Farmer and Mistress Bauer, you are at last able to tackle the Changeling. But while you have been distracted theimp has been steadily transforming itself. It is mow much larger, and more viclous than it was in its infant form. When you come to fight the monstrous imp you must increase its STAMINA scare by the number of Attack Rounds it took you to disarm the old couple. You must also increase it SKILL score by the same number divided by two (rounding fractions up), Now turn to 137 to resolve this battle ie As you battle the Black Wolf you become increasingly aware of the rest of the wolf pack continuing ta clase in around you, and that momentary distraction is all lt takes. You shumble on an exposed root and lose your footing. The huge wolf seizes the opportunity with unnerving animal cunning. Your sword-arm flailing ag you try to maintain your balance, the wolf smashes through your compromised defence and hurla you bodlly to the ground. You fee] its great weight on top of you, the breath knocked out of you. You can smell its foetid, camivore's breath, Near its srarl in your ear And then, with a savage ay of animal satisfaction, the wolf sinks its fangs into the flesh of your shoulder Lose a STAMINA points.) Your agoni#ted cry i suddenly joined by a how! of pain as the wolf releases its grip. Your vision greying, you see a tal), thickset figure standing over the Black Wolf, a sturdy woods man's axe raised above his head. The axe descends again and the wolf pives a strangled yow! and leaps off you. The woodsmian swings his axe again and the wolf flees yelping, the rest of the pack skulking after their leader. Then the great figure is looming over you Defeated by pain and blood loss, your body cannot take any more and youblack out. Turn to 111

=== SECTION 271 | PDF PAGE 103 ===

aware of the rest of the wolf pack continuing ta clase in around you, and that momentary distraction is all lt takes. You shumble on an exposed root and lose your footing. The huge wolf seizes the opportunity with unnerving animal cunning. Your sword-arm flailing ag you try to maintain your balance, the wolf smashes through your compromised defence and hurla you bodlly to the ground. You fee] its great weight on top of you, the breath knocked out of you. You can smell its foetid, camivore's breath, Near its srarl in your ear And then, with a savage ay of animal satisfaction, the wolf sinks its fangs into the flesh of your shoulder Lose a STAMINA points.) Your agoni#ted cry i suddenly joined by a how! of pain as the wolf releases its grip. Your vision greying, you see a tal), thickset figure standing over the Black Wolf, a sturdy woods man's axe raised above his head. The axe descends again and the wolf pives a strangled yow! and leaps off you. The woodsmian swings his axe again and the wolf flees yelping, the rest of the pack skulking after their leader. Then the great figure is looming over you Defeated by pain and blood loss, your body cannot take any more and youblack out. Turn to 111

=== SECTION 272 | PDF PAGE 103 ===

You bnidge on across Fenmoor, following the narrow paths of firmer ground zigzagging between the marshes that have given these moors their name. The fog that continues to thicken around you adds to your sense of disorientation until you have no idea where you are going. A shrill sound suddenly cuts through -)) @e smothering mist, something like the screaming of demented wolves. All sorts of terrible premonitions -) = asail your overwrought mind and you begin to feel ® thal your fate is inescapable. (Add 1 to your CHANGE ® sore.) And then you see movement ahead. Smoky tendrils dance before your eyes, their twisting course seemingly directed by some geatalt intelligence. As you watch, transfixed, you fancy that you can see monstrous faces appearing through the fog. As you @e wondering whether your own eyes are playing @icks on you, a nightmarish visage coalesces from the apour around you. Ithas burning eyes and a hideous tang-filled slash of a mouth. Beneath the misshapen bead and neck, two muscular arms emerge from the q swirls of mist, ending in savage, rending claws. From the torso down, the creature's body trails away into "sothingness as it merges back into the mist. The grotesque creature darts forward, spiralling around Fou in an effort to confuse, but you do not fail ta spot the appearance of a second creature. You have heard sell of these monsters before but had thought them the stuff of fairy tales. Unfortunately for you these Fog Devils are all loo real. You have no choice but to fight fhe creatures together as they close in for the KiIL, their cries setting your teeth on edge SKILL STAMINA First FOG DEVIL 8 6 Second FOXs DEVIL 7 é B you win, turn to 222

=== SECTION 273 | PDF PAGE 104 ===

At the very top of the spiral staircase you pasa through a door and emerge onto the batt!ements of the tower Dark rags of cloud scud across the moon, which hangs neat full over the jandscape. Staring up at the moon you can feel its lunar energy working its way into every fibre of your being, calling to the wolf within Add 1 to your CHANGE score-) Momentarily ensnared by the moon's gaze you become aware of a highe pitched squeaking sound that you would never have been able to hear at all before your transformation into a wolf began. Looking up, you see the flapping flock of bats descending from the tempestuous sky Before you can reach the door thal leads back down into the tower, the bats are upon you, all slashing wing-claws and needle-sharp fangs. You are going to have to fight these servants of the night creature whe Tules here FLOCK OF BAIS SKILL § STAMINA 10 Deduct your 5KILL score from 15; this = the total number of Attack Rounds you will have to fight before you can escape the flock of bats, if you do not defeat therm in fewer rounds. If you do manage to drive the bats off and re turn to the relative safety of the interior of the tower, barn to 7 to explore elsewhere

=== SECTION 274 | PDF PAGE 104 ===

Drawing your sword, you leap at the landlord's daughter, but before you can land a blow againat her the doors of the stable are thrown open by a gale-force in§.N....e..unNn.....v..--"-: 1D DEE i E> --__.--_s wind and you hear the shrill whinny of a horse in the yard behind you. 'He comes,' Meg says, looking past you, 'my fine gentleman, my brave Lord Lucre.' You turn and come face-to-face, as it were, with the Headless Highwayman once again. The spectre enters > the stable on foot, drawn sabre in ane hand and his own severed head under the other. "You would lay a hand on my Meg?' the ghost declares its face contorted inrage. 'Then you will pay with your life!' And with that Lord Lucte attacks HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN sxmL3 sTaminaS If you defeat your ghastly opponent, turn to 115

=== SECTION 275 | PDF PAGE 104 ===

Another half an hour further down the path and you make camp beneath the outstretched branches of a Eghming-sundered elm tree. You may eat 1 Meal's worth of Provisions if you wish, before settling tp sleep, but a3 soon a3 your close your eyes sleep is not long in coming You are woken from a dream (in which you are baying at the moon with the nest of your pack) by some ever- Watchful sixth sense. You hear a leathery Mapping sound coming from the branches of the dead elm and catch the shimmer of shadowy movement. There is the glimmer of moonlight on plistenmg, elongated fangs and the Vampire Bats, which have scented you out by the corrupted blood pulsing in your veins, fly down to feed. You are going to have to fight the bloodthirsty creatures all together ayéazz SKILL STAMINA First VAMPIRE BAT 5 4 Second VAMPIRE BAT 6 5 Lupravian Vampire Bats are even more to be feared - than those of other lands. They are horribly overlarge creatures with savage, fanped faces, giving them an undead appearance. To add to their unpleasant form this particular pair are also riddled with rabies. If they manage to bite you - even just once = you must add 1 point to your CHANGE score. If you dispatch both of - the cruel creatures you spend the rest of the night wide awake, listening out for more of their kind. You are glad when dawn breaks at last and you are able to" goon your way. Tim to 500

=== SECTION 276 | PDF PAGE 105 ===

When you phunged your sword into the bow! of water anointing the blade with holy water from the village shrine. As a result, thankfully, you are now able to cause the spectral wolf harm (regain 1 Luck point but it is still going to be a battle thet will test your mettle SPECTRAL WOLF SKILL? STAMINAG Hf you destroy the wolf-ghost, turn to 443

=== SECTION 277 | PDF PAGE 105 ===

The effects of the potion you have chosen to drink are not constant, changing from one minute to the next. - Roll ane dice and consult the table below to see what - effect the elixir has on you Dice Roll Effect I-a Restore your current SKILL score to its Initial level 3-4 Restore your current staMINa score to ibs Initial level P 5-6 Restore your current LUcE score to its Initial level Will you now drink one of the other potions (turn to 337) or would you prefer to leave the burning bullding turn to aga)?

=== SECTION 278 | PDF PAGE 105 ===

Dice Roll Effect I-a Restore your current SKILL score to its Initial level 3-4 Restore your current staMINa score to ibs Initial level P 5-6 Restore your current LUcE score to its Initial level Will you now drink one of the other potions (turn to 337) or would you prefer to leave the burning bullding turn to aga)? apa You lift the mace down from its mountings and test its weight in your hand. It is heavy enough to break bone and stone with equal ease, causing conventional opponents 3 STAMINA points of damage. Bul because of its weight, tf you wish to use the mace in batthe rather than a bladed weapon you might have, you thust reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point. As you are getting used to the feel of the mace you hear an ominous grating sound behind you. You turn to eee ome of the suits of armour climb down from its pedestal, the iron plate clattering noisily as it does ao It too pulls a mace down from the wal] and advances on you with slow clanking steps. (Add 1 to your ALARM score ANIMATED ARMOUR SITLLB «6 STAMINA 6 As with your mace, every time the suit of armour wins Attack Round you will suffer 3 points of STAMINA damage. You may escape after two Attack Rounds by tuming to 7. If you stay the fight and destroy the metal CCCOCO-™-™O ei aka a lit i | Pg hi A H i -: f " ee af j A ae Al TAR NG Ts Pes ate aT "wah vas Revie if ee ae Naan Ler it fe Ay tee cok - NS ess ay al, ais an cee = : £ af dae pn ; <a = = - ee te Mi F nr a my ral ei en tie ca ty rie i HA / : ee ton Sa al Ae PRUNES ROU UR QA aie a ol TAS SGC SSS SC) pain eer (or | os a. a ia ee Casha ree S eee a ee -> | a sue menace, if collapses on the carpeted floor of the corridor, now just so many pieces of battered armour Will you now take down one of the shields from the wall (turn to 209) or will you leave to explore else where (turn to 7)?

=== SECTION 279 | PDF PAGE 106 ===

Pulling an old, moth-eaten blanket over you for extra warmth, you make yourself a make-do bed for the right, using your backpack as a pillow. 'You are fast asleep and snoring soundly when somebody creeps up on you and knocks you over the head with a heavy cosh. Lose 2 STAMINA paints and, if you are still alive turn to 476

=== SECTION 280 | PDF PAGE 106 ===

The old woman gives a startled cry and spins round Cn seeing you her beady black eyes narrow and an uply grimace contoris her already unattrachve fea- tures. She quickly flicks to another page in her book and, chanting the incantation she finds there, points her wand at the creatures at her fect. Realising the aone's evil intentions you prepare to defend yourself Then the spell takes effect: one of the toads at her feet starls to swell, rapidly increasing in size. Having slarled off as big as a man's fist, it is soon the size of a dog but keeps on growing. The transformation docs not stop until the bloated toad is as large as a pony Pushing itself forward on its huge webbed feet, the witch's familiar moves to aHack, the ip of ils longue darting in and out of its mouth GLANT TOAD SKILL6 STAMINA? If the toad wins an Attack Round, it lashes you with its poisonous sticky fongue; ona roll of 5 or 6 you lose 4 STAMINA pomts instead of the usual 2. If you kil] the toad, you must now deal with the witch. Turn to 65

=== SECTION 281 | PDF PAGE 107 ===

If the toad wins an Attack Round, it lashes you with its poisonous sticky fongue; ona roll of 5 or 6 you lose 4 STAMINA pomts instead of the usual 2. If you kil] the toad, you must now deal with the witch. Turn to 65 suddenly surrounded by Carnivale folk, you are seized and your weapon taken from you, You are taken inside the larger, grinning maw tent at the centre of the encampment. You find yourself standing at the centre of a circle of the strange Carnivale players Many of them bear some kind of mutation. You see one man with gills in his neck like a fish, and a woman joined at the hip to her twin. The diminutive Carnivale Master pushes his way through the crowd and pecrs up at you from beneath the shadowing brim of his top hat People are suspicious of us Carnivale folk, with our unfamihar Carnivale ways, but we do not mean any harm. We are just trying to make our way in the world like everybody else, We offer sanctuary to the dis- possessed, the unwanted and the outcast. Most are happy to leave us be, paying for the privilege of glimpsing a world they are fortunate enough not to be part of. But then some people like you,' he says stabbing an accusing finger at your chest, 'never let us be and force us to move on from town to town, village to village, never able to rest for fear of the false accusations that follow us. And what kind of person are you anyway, to think the worst of us?' If you have the codeword Reilik written on your Adventure Sheet turn to 476. Tf not, roll bvo dice and add 2 te the total f the total is equal to or less than your current CHANGE score,turn to 3; if itis greater, Furn to 509

=== SECTION 282 | PDF PAGE 107 ===

The dressed stone walls soon give way to hard packed earth, within which have been cut long, low recesses each large enough to hold a coffin. These must be the catacombs of the Abbey, in which the predecessors of the present-day brethren are interred. The catacomb hannels wind through the ground beneath the Abbey complex, lit by flickering tallow-tapers. Turning a comer you hear a sudden skittering sound, which is then joined by a shrill squeaking. You can see that a number of the coffin-alcoves have been disturbed, the shroud-bound remains being gnawed at by the creatures your arrival has interrupted. At first glance you take them to be rats but as you begin to see more clearly through the gloom, you glimpse patches of bare skin, suppursting sores and oozing bubces exposed ribs, jaundice-yellow eyes and bony, fleshless tails. These are no mere rats, they are contaminated carriers of the lethal Yellow Death, and would much rather feast on warm. fresh meat than old, dry bones Fight the undead rodents as if they were one entity GHOULRATS SKILL6 STAMINA 10 lf the rats bite you more than twice, you become infected with the vile plague they carry. Lose 1 SKILL Point in addition to any sTaMina you may lose, and add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you survive this pestlential encounter, him to 362 eee

=== SECTION 283 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Why, everyone knows the name of Wulfen_ And, aye ve heard tell of the Mad Prince, not to mention his brother, Count Varcolac, who is head of the family now. Although how much is fiction and how much is truth I wouldn't like to say,' Konrad wams you. 'What I've heard is that this Garoul was locked up in a tower Castle Wulfen and was driven mad by his incar- ceration. Now it ta said that he will eat only raw meat and howls at the full moon, when it appears in the heavens,' Naw turn to 395-

=== SECTION 284 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Higher up the tower, on the fourth floor, you come to a long corridor lined with large portraits in heavy frames. They depict various members of the same aristocratic family, their shared likeness being a hungry, hawkish look Some of the paintings must be several hundred years old. They range from gaunt- looking old men in ill-fitting suits of ceremorial armour to full-length portraits of a striking, platinwmn- haired young woman. In fact, there are more paintings of her than any other person on display. One repre- sentation of the noblewoman in particular grabs your attention. Realised in eatth-toned oils and broad brushstrokes, it shows the subject standing before crenelated battlements, a stormy night's sky behind her and the silhouettes of bats and carrion birds flitting across the glowing orb of the moon. You feel as if the woman is staring from the canvas directly into your eyes, and are suddenly overwhelmed by the feeling that you are being watched. (Add 1 to your ees ALARM score and make sure the codeword Dehetaw is recorded on your Aduenture Skeet.) Unable to shake the feeling of unease this has left you with you hasten away from the gallery and try another floor of the lower, Turn to 7

=== SECTION 285 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Somehow you manage to master the beaat struggling to free itself from inside the fleshy cage of your body for just a few more precious moments. You might stil get out of this alive, and still human! Regain 1 Luck point and barn to 189

=== SECTION 286 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

The black mist rushes out of the chamber with inhuman speed, leaving you alone in the palatial domed room. The vampiric Countess has retreated to one of her hidden ooffin-sanctuaries to recuperate i | Although you have won a victory over her, it is only temporary. The vampinc Lady of Maun will return, of that you can be assured! (Lose 1 Luc point and add the codeword Deednu to your Adventure Sheet.) Alone "at the top of the tower, will you spend some time searching the Countess' chambers for valuables or artefacts of power (barn to 325), or will you quit this place of evil as quickly as you can (tur to 346)?

=== SECTION 287 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Of course, it seems so obvious to you now. The © elemental is a creature of ice and cold, so heat would be a natural defence against it. Quickly, you pulll your tinderbox from your backpack. Using the kindling f] L you carry with you, you light a small fire and are able to get a dry tree branch io burn. Waving your burming brand in front of you, you force the sprite back and out of your way. Frost and snow and chill winds blow, the warming comes away we go!' the creature shrieks and then seems to evaporate into thin air Regain 1 Luck pomt and hum te 314

=== SECTION 288 | PDF PAGE 109 ===

you carry with you, you light a small fire and are able to get a dry tree branch io burn. Waving your burming brand in front of you, you force the sprite back and out of your way. Frost and snow and chill winds blow, the warming comes away we go!' the creature shrieks and then seems to evaporate into thin air Regain 1 Luck pomt and hum te 314 Changing course you pick your way through the undergrowth towards the lilting music and flickering Firelight. It does not take long to reach the encamp- ment, which has been made in a sheltered clearing. A number of brightly painted wagons have been drawn up ln a rough rele, the horses and mules that brought them here now freed of their traces and grazing nearby. At the centre of the ring of wagons a large fire is burning furiously, and dancing barefoot before the flames is a beautiful young woman. She lifts her skirts aa she dances, as her legs kick and leap, bracelets around her wrists and ankles jangling, providing a percussive accompaniment to the accordion. There are other people present too, sitting around the fire clapping in time to the music. They are dressed in brightly coloured skirts and trews, waistcoats and shawls. All of them are ollve of skin and dark of hair and all of them show their wealth about their person im an ostentatious fashion, gold-hoop earrings necklaces of semi-precious stones and large rings These are the Mortani gypsies, native people of ihe cursed land of Lupravia, descendants of the original nomadic tribespeople who first settled the mountain- aby shaded valleys of Mauristatia. A few of them give you sideways glances as you approach, bui none try to stop you. And all the time the music drums its way through you. Roll two dice and add 2 to the number Tolled. If the total 1s less than or equal to your CHANGE score, burn fo 336; if itis greater, turn to 423

=== SECTION 289 | PDF PAGE 109 ===

Thankfully, despite her terrible ordeal, the old woman 6 shill alive, although badly injured. The kind-hearted woodsman takes Grandmother Zekova up in his arms and carries her to her bed, where he does his best io make her comfortable. Her eyes flickering, between tagged gasps, she says, 'Ulrich, is that you?' Tt is, Grandmother,' he replies, his voice low and gentle So what brings you to my cottage, so fortuitously, at this late hour?' she wheezes You listen anxlously a3 Ulrich relates the eventa that have Jed you both to this polnt. The old woman takes m all he has to say with remarkable calmness. When he is done she tums her head to look at you. "So you have been bitten by a lycanthyope and now carry the same dread disease?" You nod wearily. 'Lycanthropy ts a temible and cnppling curée indeed, but you are fortunate to have met Ulnich this night, and that he had the foresight to bring you to me. But ifl am to help you now, you must tell me again aboul the creature that attacked you." If you have a Sipnet Ring,turn to 36g. [F not, turn to 326

=== SECTION 290 | PDF PAGE 110 ===

Picking up the transformed hand you hur! it into the lire with a scream of rage and then watch as the fingers blacken and burn, the flesh crisping and crackling in ihe hungry flames Thea lam deomed,' you say, in utter despair as you gaze inlo the fire. 'Doomed lo become a creature of bloodthirsty appetiles I shall be unable lo contro! when the moon waxes full. I shall be an outcast, an animal, a murderous beast." (Add 4 poinls to your CHANGE SCCIE Maybe not,' Ulich says, foung you with an unnerving slare, There is something old and forbidding about the dark pits of his cyes, as if there is something clse looking out of Ubnich at you. "There may soll be hope -for you.' There is? Then what is to be done? You press the woodsman to tell you more. What does he know that you do not? ee) oo SNES - =e -- Sere. ail i Fe i; i -_-_ ues a T know of bwo cures for lycanthropy, but we wall have lo act quickly." Ulrich will help you? But why? 'Let us just say that we all have our secrets." So what are the cures? 'The surest way, is to find the werewolf thal infecled you wilh its bite, and kill it You could also vat a sprig of the herb belladonna, if you could find some. And there is one other course of action we could take, We could seek the assistance of Grandmother fekova, the wisest person I know, who lives further inlo these woods, over the border in Lupravia. But it is up to you. What do you want to do?' Will you chose lo Pursue the wolves in Lhe hope of hunting dow'n the animal) that bit you? Turn to 473 Search the woods for the herb bulladonna? Turn to 195 Goin search of the wisewoman Grand- mother Zckova? Turn to 402

=== SECTION 291 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

The staircase leading to the windmill's lower levels is on fire so, in a feat of courageous derring-do, you throw yourself out of the top of the building, landing on one of the ragged, broken-battened sails, and allow the sails' rotation bo carry you down to the ground Dropping the last six feet, you run hell-for-leather away from the blazing structure as its dilapidated framework finally gives in to the ravages of the raging conflagration and the storm, and collapses in on itsell You spend the rest of the night being battered by the unrelenting storm and when morning comes you co on your way, weacy wilh sleep-deprivation and soaked to the skin, but nonetheless grateful to be alive Turn ta 500

=== SECTION 292 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

You spot the large, flat, circular boulder almost flush with the floor of the cave just in time to escape the attempt on your life that follows. The stone flips up like an opening hatch, and a huge, hairy brown spider - aver ten feet in diameter - leaps out of the hole now revealed in the cavern floor. The arachnid's powerful grasping front limbs hit the recky floor barely a foot from you bul, realising that its surprise attack has failed, the Giant Trapdeor Spider retreats inta its hole pulling the boulder back into place over the top of its tunnel to protect itself, Do you want to heave the stone out of the way and take the fight to the spider (turn le 514) or would you rather get away from here as quickly as possible (turn fo 236}?

=== SECTION 293 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

As soon as you wade into the slimy pool the magents* blind heads turn lowards you, drawn to your body- heat. Unperturbed, with one hand on the pommel of another across the lake of coze. The slime sucks at your sword, you take one determined step aller your feet; it feels just like walking through a clinging swamp.A bloated maggot rolls over and bumps into vour leg, making you jump, but the fly jarvae do not altack. They are only interested m consuming dead ' ilesh, You are halfway across the disgusting cavern when your foot knocks against something under the surface of the slime. De you want to reach mto the slime to pick up whatever itis you have inadvertently - found (turn ta 307), or will you keep going without stopping, justin case (furn to 322)?

=== SECTION 294 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

Grendel, Ki!' the sirengman shouts, releasing his Adld on the beast's chain. With a bellow the hulking east bounds lowards you, the knuckles of its massive asts dragging on the ground, as the strongman and arc-eater arm themselves with long knives and advance towards you. You must always fight twa of Your opponents at the same time (in whatever combt- ation you choose), until there is only one left alive SKILL STAMINA GRENDEL 8 10 >TRONGMAN g 8 RE-EATER 7 6 i? ihe Grendel-beast scores a hit against you roli onc dice; on a roll of 6 the creature's massive club Ast cause You 3 points of sTaMINa damage. If you lose Attack Rounds ina row (to any of your opponents Fire-Eater breathes a gout of flame at you, causing you an additional 2 STAMINA points' damage. If you overcome all three opponents, you can either flee the Carnivale straight away (horn to 29), or Hisk continuing your search of the camp (turn to 281), but whatever you choose to do, add the codeword Reflik to your Adventure Sheet first

=== SECTION 295 | PDF PAGE 112 ===

You snatch up the skull and then, there in front of you is the headless ghost once again. You have no choice but to fight as the Headless Highwayman tries to reclaim his skull HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN semL_B 5TamMmas If you win, you hurl the skull onto the cobbles of the stable yard where it smashes into bony shards. Turn to 7G anes Vie ae "ioe. ow

=== SECTION 296 | PDF PAGE 112 ===

Talking to the cheerful smith does not tell you any- 'hing about the malaise affecting the people of Maun Mt you do get on to the subject of your own quest 9 Without revealing any of the pertinent - and Bstentialky contentious - details, you do tell him that Fu could do with some help. 'Then you should try Betnniass'Isoldeathe Lady of MaureTowers She ts a "srceress, I'm sure she would be willing and able to help you. And then there are the Black Monks, they meght be able to help too. You'll find them at their abbey, north of here.' Do you want to take the smith @on his advice and seek an audience with the Lady Maun (turn to 255), or will you press on and quit > the village (turn to 950)?

=== SECTION 297 | PDF PAGE 112 ===

As you descend the staircase the shadows deepen, as Ge wall-mounted torches peter out. The crypt itselFis etch black and you will need a lantern if you are © progress any further, If you have a lantern, the Mghi Creature special ability or the codeword Nether written on your Adventure Sheet, you can enter the > Svpt safely (tum tc 329). If you don't have any of the ove, but still want to risk entering the crypt, turn to > 39. If you don't want to enter the crypt after ail, burn 7 to choose ancther floor of the tower to explore LJ Jan Qee py pi oe Weiler giaeysy wk © free bas rae fete Seat ces, pee Lp ya be Fe VME a Le poe fi Qe Cae ry has ae he cae Qe i a --- «a ' i | | Hl Pg F ee Tae a di <j "il f= + Aion! a a! |. a" eos" OF iso ee 'a Lata Ve) a ener s eee Alli Ls ai. ot ide - VE ie dd PE, one? nlf ee =he mist thickens in front of you, coalescing into the slape ofa grotesque, phantasmatl creature. Everything out it is a macabre exaggeration of what a wolf "ould be in life; horrific dagger-length fangs soredding scythe-hook claws, blazing coal-cyes and aut incessant wailing howl. You have no choice but to Jefend yourself against the leader of the spectral pack = you dipped your sword in water earlier, turn to 276 Snot, turn to 96

=== SECTION 298 | PDF PAGE 113 ===

=he mist thickens in front of you, coalescing into the slape ofa grotesque, phantasmatl creature. Everything out it is a macabre exaggeration of what a wolf "ould be in life; horrific dagger-length fangs soredding scythe-hook claws, blazing coal-cyes and aut incessant wailing howl. You have no choice but to Jefend yourself against the leader of the spectral pack = you dipped your sword in water earlier, turn to 276

=== SECTION 299 | PDF PAGE 113 ===

Sssing from the depths of your subconscious comes a jyme that you remember being taught asa child Beware the Shiversprite, wy dear, when tee moon ts fat Sharp of claw and spintdle-limbed he is, and curring With toy breath and freezing touch fre brings the snosofiell chil Bail Witter hungers and as teeth, wy luoe, anid sharpened ones at that So bewre the Shiversprite, my dear, tole Hie Maon is fied." Te caulionary rhyme was more than just a child's stllime tale, it was a warning for those who might sad themselves at the mercy of one of Grandfather "inter's minions. The ditty even tells you the cle sental creature's name and to know such a being's se lame is to have power over it. "Shiversprite!' ecu shout. Hearing you utter ils name, the creature most jumps out of its icy skin. Without a moment's hesitation you declare the sprite to 'Begone!' With an @ar-piercing shriek the elemental appears to evaporate and 15 gone. Turn to 314

=== SECTION 300 | PDF PAGE 114 ===

Count Yarcolac, Prince of Lupravia, Were-Lord of Wulfen Castle and first of his cursed werewoif blood- line lies dead at your feet. You have exacted your revenge on this monstrous byrant, this begetter of wolf spawn. Bot whal is this? Even as you are looking down at Vartcolac's corpse in tiumph you see the many wounds you inflicted on him knit and heal bloodlessly. The werewoll's eyes flick open but now they burn like the fiery pits of hell itself. Your hackles rise and suddenly a series of vision-memories thal are not your own assail your conscious mind You see ive gathered within shadow-haunted ruins - a monk, a sorceress, a black-shrouded widow, a noblewoman and a younger Count Varcolac - as they embark upon some unholy ritual. In your mind's eye you see them cast treasures, valuable to each, into a pit of darkness. You hear the chanted invocation, see eA "7h <% LL A =< ££ L_- =< °° the silver-wrought daggers they have consecrated for ' their dark rite, feel the gathered Cadre's fear and excited anticipation. And then you briefly glimpse the i thing they surmmon forth from the Infernal Pit, a wolfish demon, its insubstantial flesh black as an evil man's dreams, snarling like a caged beast. 'You see the demon possess the astounded Count and witness his transformation into a Wolf for the first time > You understand now what is happening under your appalled gaze, The demon the Cadre summoned which possessed the rakish young prince and wrought its changes so dramatically upon him, is resurrecting Count Varcolac's werewolf body from the dead. But what can you do to stop this demonic resurrection? If you have the codeword Degnakc recorded on your Adventure Sheel, turn to 399 immediately. If not, have you collected any Silver Daggers dunng your adventure? If you have collected no daggers at alll turn to 133. [f you have collected five daggers and

=== SECTION 301 | PDF PAGE 114 ===

'know what todo with them, turn to the relevant page number you noted down earlier. If you have less than five daggers, or you do not know what to do with them,turn to 464 yo There are various chapters within Grynm's Foik-lore and the pages of wooden-block print are accompanied by woodcut illustrations of subjects such as a man extracting the stone from a toad's head and a hag being put to the ducking-stool. Much of Gnpmm is knowledge thai any peasant child would Imow. But in a ine Te

=== SECTION 302 | PDF PAGE 115 ===

a chapter entitled 'Of Myths Concerning the Cycles of Year', the author writes about beliefs surrounding the changing of the seasons, stating ihat such times of transition are when elemental forces, tied to the different times of the year, have most influence in the world. The seasons themselves are given the per- srufications of Mistress Springtime, the Sumuner Lord, Dame Autumn and Grandfather Winter by the peasant folk of Lupravia, whose lives and livelihoods are closely bound to the seasonal cycles. The chapter describes one of these elementals, a minion of Old Man Winter, called the Shiversprile, who heralds winler's retum, bringing hard frosts and sudden blizzards. You reach the end of the chapter just as Vereticus retums to the library. Turn to a60

=== SECTION 303 | PDF PAGE 115 ===

Ulrich sets off through the night at such a pace that, in your current condition, you find it exhausting to keep up. Your panting breath mists before you in the cold night air, but Ulrich shows no sign of slowing: your predicament is just too dire. And so you continue, half Tunning to keep up with the woodsman as he hurries - through the brooding forest, leading you deeper and deeper into this dark domain You have been travelling in this way for almost an hour when you come in sight of a stone cottage, com- plete with sagging thatched roof. Without breaking his stride, Ulrich marches up to the sturdy, iron-bound oak door and beats on it with the haft of his axe. From inside the cottage comes the sound of shuffling steps followed by a cracked, irritable voice: Who's there? And what do you want?' Grandmother!' the woodsman calls. 'It is Ulrich with 4 friend in need of your help.' A tiny hatch in the middle of the door slides open and two cataract- blurred eyes peer out before the opening closes again There is the grate of bolts being pulled back until at last the door opens. A hunched figure ushers you both into the warm glow before the door is slammed shut and rebolted Wrapped in a woollen shawl, the wizened old crone looks you up and down, suspiciously. She has a hooked nose and chin, and looks every part thre witch witha chain of silver charms hanging round her neck 50 it's you who needa my help, is it?' Grandmother Zekova says. You listen in nervous anticipation, as Ulrich tells the old wisewoman of the fate that has befallen you. The old woman appears to take mm what Ulrich says with dispassionate interest. When he is done she hams to you. Without saying a word she starts to prod and poke you, looking in your eyes and getting you bo stick out your longue. She also lakes a Jook at the wolf-bile on your shoulder Lycanthropy isa terrible and crippling curse indeed,' she says at last, 'but you are fortunate to have met ttustworthy Ulrich here, who has had the foresight to bring you to me. For I can help you, although I cannot cure you. The disease is still just taking hold and if we act fast we might yet be able to counteract the effects of the werewolf's galiva-venom. I can prepare a potion brewed from the belladonna weed, which will he but with your consent, I would like to bleed you fir so that the concoction might have a faster, mc potent, effect.' Will you let the wisewoman bleed you before admi istering her potion (turn to 335), or will you refuse as simply ask her to prepare the belladonna concoctic turn to 358)? Lightning courses through your body in an outbur of primal fury. (Lose 4 STAMINA points and, for as lor as you remain in the windmill, reduce your sKrLi by point as well.) However, fortuitously, the force of th explosion also melts the manacles securing you to th equipment bank and hurls you across the room land before the now-electrified table. The man-mad monster laid out on the slab shudders as the force « the storm animates it with unnatural life. 'It's alive the scientist shouts with unbridled glee. 'Never agai will they dare to accuse Professor Arcanum of infamy Now they will have to declare me a genius rathe than insane!' The hulking construct turns to face you and with lumbering, clanking steps advances on you arms outstretched. Turn to 152

=== SECTION 304 | PDF PAGE 116 ===

Lantern in hand, you run towards the monster's web while trying to avoid the ravening monster at the same time. Test your Skill. If you are successful, turn k 125. If you fail, you cannot avoid the stalking Black Widow (turn to 252 Night Creature -- Werewolves are creatures of the night re their powers influenced by the lunar cycle. You now have a closer affinity to the darkness and your night nd vision has improved considerably. Youno longer need d a lantern to see by when it is dark, whether it is in the rid depths of a moonless night or you are exploring subterranean tunnels. If you are told that you must 7 have a lantern to follow a particular route you may ignore this instruction. Make a note of this new special st | ability on your Adventure Sheet and turn to the para- ig | Staph with the same number as the one you were last 1 |) instructed to write down e. "Ah, good," says the second as you draw your blade 'something to sharpen my claws on!' UD Like a lamb to the slaughter" says the third

=== SECTION 305 | PDF PAGE 116 ===

Night Creature -- Werewolves are creatures of the night re their powers influenced by the lunar cycle. You now have a closer affinity to the darkness and your night nd vision has improved considerably. Youno longer need d a lantern to see by when it is dark, whether it is in the rid depths of a moonless night or you are exploring subterranean tunnels. If you are told that you must 7 have a lantern to follow a particular route you may ignore this instruction. Make a note of this new special st | ability on your Adventure Sheet and turn to the para- ig | Staph with the same number as the one you were last 1 |) instructed to write down

=== SECTION 306 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

OOO LLL The barmaid utters the last line of her spell witha final flourish of her hands staring towards the stable door You reatise that she can see you, but seems unper- turbed by your presence. 'He cames,' she says, lockin B past you, 'Iny brave Lord Lucre.' Hearing the jangle of haress behind you, and the impatient snort of a horse, you turn around and come face-to-face, as it were, with the Headless Highway- man once again. The ghost of Lord Lucre enters the stable on foot, drawn sabre in one hand and his own severed head under the other. Without uttering a single word, the spectre attacks HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN = sxitt.8 | stamina If you defeat your ghostly opponent, turn to 115

=== SECTION 307 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

A silver weapon will harm the brides just as it would other werecreatures. If you are wounded more than three times, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you manage to kill all three of the savage brides, turn to 352 Blind while heads nudge at your hands as you fumble aboul in the slime, making you shudder in disgust Your hand closes around what feels like the hilt of a weapon. Withdrawing it you wipe the clinging slime from the object now in your hands and are amazed to discover that you are holding a beautifully crafted If you want lo lake the Silver Dagger, add this item to your Advrnitire Sheet and add the codeword Stoggam lo your Adventure Shect. You may use the dagger in combat but if you do so you will have to fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. Injuries you cause any creahure with the word 'Were* in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2} as the pure metal is inimical to their kind, The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and demons but only causes the usual 2 STAMINA points li takes a few moments for you to realise thal there has been a cost to putting your hand imto the slime, for it is mildly acidic. Your hand begins to burn and the skin reddens, just as if you had been burned. In time the pain wil] pass but you still suffer 1 STAMINA point of damage caused by the acid burn. Turn to 322

=== SECTION 308 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

The barmaid utters the last line of her spell witha final flourish of her hands staring towards the stable door You reatise that she can see you, but seems unper- turbed by your presence. 'He cames,' she says, lockin B past you, 'Iny brave Lord Lucre.' Hearing the jangle of haress behind you, and the impatient snort of a horse, you turn around and come face-to-face, as it were, with the Headless Highway- man once again. The ghost of Lord Lucre enters the stable on foot, drawn sabre in one hand and his own severed head under the other. Without uttering a single word, the spectre attacks HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN = sxitt.8 | stamina If you defeat your ghostly opponent, turn to 115

=== SECTION 309 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

With cautious steps, keeping one hand on the wall to your left, you enter the crypt. The silent darkness swallows you up, bul it does not remain silent far long. A ghastly hissing sound aleris you to the dire nature of your situation. Then you feel the first of half a dozen pairs ol filthy talons seize hold of you and, as you struggle to ready your weapon, the first decaying teclh sink mto your flesh. You end your adventure as the main course in a ghoulish feast for the undead ' een aaa

=== SECTION 310 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Passing through the door you enter what appeare to be an artificer's workahop. The mechanical puts of all manner of clockwork contraptions cover shelves and workbenches, along with the tools used to construct them. However, ane object stands out beyond all others. It is a life-size, brass replica ofa man. The metal mannequin, an exquisite work of art more delicate than any suit of armour, stands immobile, like nothing so much as an artist's paseable maquette. Right over where the figure's heart would be is a large keyhole. If you have a Brass Key and want to turn it in the keyhole, turn to 452. Lf not, there is nothing else for you in the artificer's room and so you will have to re turn to the junction and take the door that is now ahead of you (turn to 428), or the one that 1 to your Tight (turn to 459

=== SECTION 311 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Then | pity you your predicament,' the man says darkly, 'but I cannot permil a cursed creature of the night to live, and risk the contagion spreading.' With that, he raises his pistol agaln and in response realising that combat |s inevitable, you unsheathe your sword. Turn to 465

=== SECTION 312 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Wondrous, my sweeting, wondrous!' warbles the first, snatching the item from you. (Cross it off from your Possessions.) 'Now, be on your way.' fil Will you now depart, ag instructed (turn to 352), or will you turn on the brides when they are least expecting it (him to 306)?

=== SECTION 313 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Upeanthropy: The Curse of the Werewolf surpriss you because it has been copied out by hand, each new page of information beginning with a sinisterly iluminated capital letter Much of the book is filled with incorrect and downright ndiculous numours half-truths and utter lies about the nature of Were- creatures, lycanthropy, and how to contract the condi- Hon Of what is left you feel that you know mest of it already - that silver is harmful to lycanthropes and that they are forced to transform once every lunar cycle when the moon is full. However, there is other information here that you know will help you manage the transformation from man bo wolf. (Lose 1 CHANGE point) In time Vereticus re-enters the library. Turn to 260 With the rising of the eun, the ice melts again and the forest is Gee once more of the attenhons of Winter's the woods and cross a tussocky heath, dotted with the standing stone markers of some ancient and long- forgotten tribe. Your path descends through this pur- ple and green landscape of heather-thick heathland unt] you come In sight of another village. Turn to 250 in killer's attention is drawn to the new arrival. The wolf Rives voice to its blood-curdling prow! and you fecl] it rumbling through your body as the weight of the beast still pins you to the cald, damp floor of the forest There is another shout and then an agonised yelping The weight on lop of you 3s released. Hearing another howl of pain you manage to roli onto your side. But something is wrong; you feel woozy and your head slarts to spin. Your vision greying, you see a tall thickset figure standing over the Black Wolf, a sturdy woodsman's axe in his hand. The axe descends again and the wolf gives a strangled yowl. The axeman swings his makeshift weapon again, landing another blow, and the wolf flees yelping, the nest of the pack skulking after lheir leader. Then the hulking figure is looming over you. Overcome by pain and blood loss your body cannot take any more and you black cut Turn lo £11

=== SECTION 314 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

With the rising of the eun, the ice melts again and the forest is Gee once more of the attenhons of Winter's the woods and cross a tussocky heath, dotted with the standing stone markers of some ancient and long- forgotten tribe. Your path descends through this pur- ple and green landscape of heather-thick heathland unt] you come In sight of another village. Turn to 250

=== SECTION 315 | PDF PAGE 120 ===

The werewolf snaps as you thrust the Silver Cross of Saint Crucis into its face. A brutal clawed hand lashes out, smacking the cross from your hand and raking ! the flesh of your arm. Lose 2 STAMINA points and burn to 150

=== SECTION 316 | PDF PAGE 120 ===

behind you. You hold your breath as whomever you Ducking inside the wagon you shut the door carefully heard walks right pasl the caravan and around the Carnivale camp. Itis only after their voices have faded into the distance that you dare to breathe again and take in your surroundings. Puppets appear to cover every available surface inside the wagon. Glove puppets lie in piles on the bed, while painstakingly painted and varnished marionettes hang from the '-ofbeams. Other incomplete puppets, some operated by wires, lie on a workbench to your right. You walk the length of the caravan amazed at the detail and cfaftsmanship on display. The first inkling you have that something is wrong is the tap-tap-tap as of a wooden leg on the boarded floor behind you. You turn, expecting to see the caravan's owner returning but instead you see a gaggle of marionettes moving jerkily towards you - and no one is pulling their strings! What malign magic is at work here? And then the puppets are on you, wooden-jointed knights and sock-puppet dragons fighting alongside grinning papier maché skeletons and hook-nosed jester- clowns, trying toswamp you with their multitudinous 7 numbers. And all the while chiselled wooden jaws cinck-clack-clack as they try to bite you. You have invaded the Puppetmaster's innermost sanctum and now you must pay the price PUPPETS SKILLG STAMINA 12 Where one puppet falls to your hacking blows, it seems that another takes its place in an instant. If you have not defeated the puppets within ten Attack Rounds, and yau are shill alive, turn to 344. If you win this battle within ten Attack Rounds, all il means is that you have managed to fight your way back to Lhe door and so can escape from the caravan (barn 10 326

=== SECTION 317 | PDF PAGE 121 ===

With a deft move you cut in under the automaton's guard and succeed in knocking the key out agai Straightaway, just as you hoped, with a grinding of gears the attacking automaton becomes still again Regain 1 Luck point.) There is nothing else of interest to you in the artificer's room so you re turn to the junction and take the door which is now ahead of you lurn to 428}, or the one to your right (turn to 496

=== SECTION 318 | PDF PAGE 121 ===

Why, ihat's a dark place. Noone goes there any more It's more home to wild animals now. Of course il wasn't always like that but | wouldn't even think about going there if l were you. The only thing thal awaits anyone there is madness and a slow, lingering death, if you're unlucky. A quick, brutal death if you're more fortunate. No, I'd steer well clear of that accursed place.' Now turn to 395

=== SECTION 319 | PDF PAGE 121 ===

The corridor leads you down a flight of steps into the smoky heat of the castle kitchens, but the gods alone know what foul meal is being prepared within. A croné stands at a large cauldron, bubbling and steam- ing over a roaring fire blazing in the grate, mutlering to herself, At her feet hop, scuttle and slither all manner of toads, newts, cockroaches, snakes, spiders and rats. She consults a book open on a stand next to her, bends down, picks up a wriggling salamander and tosses it into the pat, stizring it in with a gnarled length of wood that looks like it could be a wand. A vile, acrid smell fills the kitchen. Will you Call out to the crone, to attract her attention? Turn to 280 Enter and attack her? Turn to 65 Leave the kitchens and take the other passageway leading from the entrance hall? Turn to 340 Leave the kitchens and ascend the grand Staircase and pass through the double doors at the top? Turn to 146

=== SECTION 320 | PDF PAGE 121 ===

the crypt extends beneath the foundations of the lower, the vaulted roof supported by a series of stone arches, Between the columns stand numerous stone sarcophagi. Moving towards you between the tombs are four shambling corpses, their rotting flesh covered by filthy grave-shrouds. You will be able to escape from the crypt before the zombies ever reach you, if you leave immediately (turn to 7). However, if you would rather face the undead in battle, in the confines of the crypt you can fight them one ata time SKILL STAMINA Fist ZOMBIE 5 6 Second ZOMBIE é 5 Third ZOMBIE 5 5 Fourth ZOMBIE 6 & If you defeat the undead crypt stalkers, add 1 to your ALARM 5core and tuum to 333

=== SECTION 321 | PDF PAGE 122 ===

You enter a mahogany-panelled corridor festooned with black velvet drapes, the spaces between hung wath the portraits of the ruling house of Lupravia Above them are the plaque-mounted heads of deez wild boar and more exotic animals, including a uni- corm among them, hunting trophies of the Wulfen family, The members of the Wulfen line all bear an uncanny resemblan¢e to one another, with lean, gaunt faces and hungry, wolfish expressions, Passing along the corrider you come to the portraits of the two current princes of this dark land, First there is Prince Garoul, the werewolf you first killed. His portrait seems to stare al you with its piercing, red-gleaming eyes, right oul of the canvas. His untidy black hair hangs down around his shoulders like a mane, a streak of grey cunning through it from a widow's peak. Then there is the mad prince's brother, Count Varcolac, He is a forbidding man indeed. Where his brother is dark, he is grey, although he has the same SSS untamed look about him but tempered with a lordly air, He is ruggedly handsome and has pronounced canine teeth. The eyes of the painting seem to bore into yours, and suddenly instinct tells you that this is the creature you have come to kill. Roll two dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal to your CHANGE score turn to 486. lf itis greater, turn to 158

=== SECTION 322 | PDF PAGE 122 ===

Eventually you reach the other side of the cave and breathe a sigh of relief. You duck down the new stretch of tunnel, the stony floor becoming steadily drier "underfoot until itjoins another tunnel running perpen- 'icular to it. To your right, the passageway dissolves into darkness whereas, to the left, the tunnel soon ends al a circular grille. In turn, beyond thal, lies a torct-lit, stone-walled corrider. It seems the logical ® choice. Turn to 441 * 333 The gypsies readily welcome you into their gathering and soon you are tucking into roasted rabbit and cask- brewed fiery vodka. (Restore up to 4 STAMINA points Caught up in the fervour of good feeling - watching Mortani dance the night away, your soul soothed Sy the music - the evening seems to pass like a dream and eventually, exhausted alter your long trek through the woods, sleep takes you You wake refreshed from a dreamless sleep to find the grass glistening with dew, the ground cold beneath you, and the Mortani gone: only the blackened embers wie @ of their campfire remain. Mystified by the strange behaviour of the capricious gypsies, you prepare to set of again when something about the weight of your backpack makes you stop and check inside it. Roll] one dice. On a roll of 1-2, turn to 353; on a roll of 3-4, Furn to 366; and on a roll of 5-6, turn to 778

=== SECTION 323 | PDF PAGE 122 ===

The gypsies readily welcome you into their gathering and soon you are tucking into roasted rabbit and cask- brewed fiery vodka. (Restore up to 4 STAMINA points Caught up in the fervour of good feeling - watching Mortani dance the night away, your soul soothed Sy the music - the evening seems to pass like a dream and eventually, exhausted alter your long trek through the woods, sleep takes you You wake refreshed from a dreamless sleep to find the grass glistening with dew, the ground cold beneath you, and the Mortani gone: only the blackened embers wie of their campfire remain. Mystified by the strange behaviour of the capricious gypsies, you prepare to set of again when something about the weight of your backpack makes you stop and check inside it. Roll] one dice. On a roll of 1-2, turn to 353; on a roll of 3-4, Furn to 366; and on a roll of 5-6, turn to 778

=== SECTION 324 | PDF PAGE 123 ===

You burst through the farmhouse door and into a fire- lit kitchen. Cowering in the corner are an elderly couple and next to them - you note with some surprise -- a cradle. Seeing their armodous expressions you bluster an apology and something about wanting to shelter from the storm. Once they are reassured you are not here to murder and rob them, the aging farmer and his wife make you welcome, offering you a seat by the fre and a bowl of himip soup, warming you inside and out. Bearing in mind what you have seen so far, you converse with the couple cautiously and taste the soup with some trepidation. You are pleased to find that there are no unpleasant ingredients inclu- ded (restore up to 3 STAMINA points). Your preter natural senses tell you that there is nothing malevolent about the couple but that some evi] enchantment has the farm under its spell. Your questions imevitably turn to the disturbing nature of the farm. 'A holding like this must fake some work to maintain,' you say Ts there anyone else working for you here?' No,' says Farmer Bauer, 'Just meself, the wife Mistress Bauer and our little one.' Little one? Surely the couple are far boo old to have a new baby! But Farmer Bauer points to the cradle. "That's right, our baby boy, our pride and joy, long wished for and now here with us. A foundling he was, not these hwo months past. One day our hovse and home was as ! quiet and cheerless as it ever had been, since we lost Tomas these twenty summers past, the next there he was on our doorstep, and suddenly hearth and home knew joy and laughter once again.' Have a lock, why don't you,' says Mistress Bauer Pick hum up if you like.' Your animal senses snarling at you from your subconscious, you tean over the cradle and pull back the covers. It is all you can do not to cry out in shock and recoil from the cot. Lying there wrapped in a woollen blanket is a0 baby - at least no human child The thing looks more like a malevolent imp, a wolfish sprite covered in thick fur, with pointed ears, fangs and claws, and a grotesque gargoyle's smile splitting its warty face. The Changeling fixes you with darkly burning eyes and its sinister smile widens, a guttural prow! rising from its throat Isn'thea bonny boy?' Mistress Bauer says. This sprite has enchanted the farmer and his wife into believing that it is what they want it to be, but its evil influence has also spread to the rest of the farm. How long before it increases in power and its influence spreads to the lands beyond? Your own changing state has prevented the Changeling's spell from working on you, and only you can do anything about it. But how are you going to resolve this situation? Will you challenge the Changeling outright (tur to 270) or will you attempt to use cunning to achieve the same goal furn to 468)?

=== SECTION 325 | PDF PAGE 124 ===

Among the Vampiress' possessions are a number of items that may be of value to you, including a Gilt Mirror, a brass telescope, a lodestane and gold and jewels to a value of 20 Gold Pieces. You also find a small, teak chest. Inside, lying on a bed of black velvet is an ornate Silver Dagger If you want to take the Silver Dagger, add it to your Adventure Sheet. You may use the dagger in combat but, if you do so, you will have to fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. Injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to their kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm the Undead but will only cause the usual 2 sTammNA points of damage There is nothing else for you here so you run back down the long winding staircase. Turn bo 346

=== SECTION 326 | PDF PAGE 124 ===

Having heard you cut, Grandmother Zekova pives you her considered opinion. "There is only one other course of action left open to you now. If you are to nid yourself of this terrible curse, you must find and kill the first of the werewolf bloodline before the next full moon, of become a werewolf yourself,' The first of the bloodline, but that could be the black-furred werewolf that infected you in the first place Ulrich has obviously made the same connection. 'We must hurty my friend, if we are to catch your killer and saye your soul.' Tarn to 124

=== SECTION 327 | PDF PAGE 124 ===

You hold the mirrer out in front of you, reflecting Varcolac's transformed visage back at him. At first the Werewolf appears to recoil, yellow eyes widening in surprise. Then the creature lashes out with a laudly muscled arm, smashing the silvered glass from your hands. [t smashes on the floor of the chamber as the claws gouge your arm. Lose 2 STAMINA points and Fumi fo 150

=== SECTION 328 | PDF PAGE 125 ===

Despite its sensationalist title, the History of the Cadre infernal is a rather dry tome regarding the debauched activities of a group of ambitious aristecrats from the principalities of Mauristatia. Their main aims bemg social advancement and control of lands at the centre of the Old World, the Cadre was something like a cult for the idle rich. Through connections with the Cadre its members were able to arrange politically advan- tageous mamages, burgeoning business alliances and partake of every illicit substance, pashime and magical Practice they could think of. It was at its height a hundred years ago, drawing its members from the noble families of Mortvania and Hathoria, as well as Lupravia, but lost popularity im the years after the War of the Four Kingdoms. However, the author concludes by stating that there are rumours of the Cadre Infernal being revived two decades ago by a band of Lupravian aristocrats. Perhaps Vereticus' A fear 4 ° ; ie hy a = "a f _ sila inveshgations have uncovered something about this group. CF you want to ask him about the Cadre Infernal, the next paragraph in which you encounter the scholar, subtract 50 and turn to that new para- graph.) As Vereticus has still not rehumed, you decide to skim through one of the shorter reads you have found, Will you look at Lycanthropy: The Curse of the Werewolf (barn to 313) or Grywiin's Folk-lore of Lupravia turn to 301)?

=== SECTION 329 | PDF PAGE 125 ===

Out in the open, under the blind white gaze of the moon again, will you flee the strange Carnivale (hum i) 29), or persist in your investigation (turn to 261)?

=== SECTION 330 | PDF PAGE 125 ===

To reach the crags north of Vargenhof, you pass through a spur of dense pine forest. As you progress through the undergrowth you notice that the trees are becoming festooned with thick drapes of webs that cover the branches like a shroud. The close-packed pines thin out again and you find yourself at the foot of a sundered peak, standing before the dark slash of a slanting cave mouth. The woods are eerily still within the vicinity of the cave, Perhaps this is a sign that the Werebeast has its lair here? Not taking any chances, you approach the entrance weapon in hand The washed-out grey light penetrates only a little way into the caver beyond. You listen intently and Sear only the occasional drip of water and the seund of your own heart thumping in your ears. If you are Boing to explore whatever lies beyond this cave mouth, you are going to need your lantern. If you want to turn back from the gaping darkness (or if you cannot use your lantern),turn to 244. However, if you do want to enter the cave in search of the Beast, you can either do so immediately (turn to 70), or wait until nightfall to surprise the creature in its Lair (turn to 49

=== SECTION 331 | PDF PAGE 126 ===

Retracing your steps through the claustrophobic caves, you find your way back to the chamber by which you entered the caves beneath Sundered Peak From there you make your way oul, emerging into the clearing before the cave mouth by which you first entered the underworld. Turn to 244

=== SECTION 332 | PDF PAGE 126 ===

T seek to rid the land of the dark forces that would claim dominion over it, for T too have sworn myself to a quest such as yours,' the man says grandly. 'Let us sit and talk awhile, for | am always on the lookout for allies in the etemal fight against Evil' The man holsters his pistol and sils down on a sundered roof beam opposite you. 'But ] am forgetting, myself,' he goes on, proffering his hand in comradeship, 'my name is Van Richten and | am a Vampire Hunter.' The two of you get to talking about all the evils that threaten the security and sanctity of the world. 'The Were has its filthy claws well and truly sunk into the principality of Lupravia,' he tells you, his voice suddenly hushed and conspiratorial. 'I fear that the Wulfen and there are precious few of us left to counter the threat of Gid Night, men such as myself, Doktor Kafka and the hermit priest Corran. Even that grief- stricken scholar Vereticus has become a recluse and ® tumed his back on old acquaintances. Myself, the Doktor and the priest are in fact all who remain of the secret Order of the Black Rose, and I have not had word from Corran for many months now. But it is not only the power of the Were that threatens the mortal souls of this land. There are others among the aristo- ® cacy of the night who would see the people of Lupravia subjugated beneath the yoke of their blas- Phemous oppression. My current mission concerns the ungodly creature that threatens the people of Maun, not half a day's journey east of here. I could make use of one such as yourself. Will you join me in my quest?' [f you agree to help Van Richten, turn to 379. If you decline his request, turn to 419

=== SECTION 333 | PDF PAGE 126 ===

the threat of Gid Night, men such as myself, Doktor Kafka and the hermit priest Corran. Even that grief- stricken scholar Vereticus has become a recluse and ® tumed his back on old acquaintances. Myself, the Doktor and the priest are in fact all who remain of the secret Order of the Black Rose, and I have not had word from Corran for many months now. But it is not only the power of the Were that threatens the mortal souls of this land. There are others among the aristo- ® cacy of the night who would see the people of Lupravia subjugated beneath the yoke of their blas- Phemous oppression. My current mission concerns the ungodly creature that threatens the people of Maun, not half a day's journey east of here. I could make use of one such as yourself. Will you join me in my quest?' [f you agree to help Van Richten, turn to 379. If you decline his request, turn to 419 ® With the zombies dead you are able to explore the erypl without fear of further hindrance. Among the Sroken tombs and mouldering sarcophagi, you finda Slackwood coffin, finished with brass fittings, resting ena polished granite plinth. it is open and empty Ened with red velvet, but it must be here for a reason '# you want to destroy the coffin make a note of the fact that you have done so on your Adventure Sheet ® There is nothing of any use to you that you can take away from the crypl, 30 you head back to the spiral Saircase and set about climbing the worn steps once again {turn to 7

=== SECTION 334 | PDF PAGE 127 ===

KAP = BS = "rif iE ee = = 7 ie ; ; Seu ag " igre Se "4 -- os EAS ARS Ga EAS - * Ch Fate pel ts en aT ES Over the roars of the enraged Beast you hear the Kwang of a crossbow firing, and another bolt buries itself in the monster's shoulder. The young woman has recovered herself and her weapon. Side-by-side the two of you prepare to finish the brutish Beast. And then, howling like a beaten dog, it is gone, away T must thank you, stranger,' the young woman says through the woods to escape its end turning large, limpid eyes on you. Her striking beauty J takes your breath away but it is tempered by a hard unsmiling mouth and eyes that tell of many dark things seen and overcome. 'T fear that were it not for your intervention, the Beast would have been the end of me.' It is nothing, you tell her, and intraduce yourself. "Jt was anything but nothing,' the woman chides, 'and I, Katya of the Crimson Cloak should 7 know, being a hunter of were-creatures myself. But Inust be away; our quarry eludes us even now. We cannot let it get away!' (Add the codeword Aytak to your Adventure Sheet The injured Werebeast leaves a trail that even one unskilled in the ways of the tracker could follow. The tail of blood spots and gouging paw-prints leads you Sack to the town and right up to the steps of the meeting hall! You burst in, expecting a scene of camage and chaos to greet you but there is no sign of any monster and everything seems calm. What is going on? The Werebeast must have resumed human form! Gathered before you in the hall are five men Your lupine senses flaring, you know that one of them is the creabure you now seek, but which one? You and Katya scan their surprised faces, as you bry to discern which is the savage, murdering monster you seek Will you strike at Veteran hunter Johannes? Turn to 453 Gregor the blacksmith? Turn to 377 Trapper Sorn? Turn to 50g Burzomaster Straub? Turn to 6a Piotr, Master of the Hounds? Turn 19 199

=== SECTION 335 | PDF PAGE 128 ===

Grandmother Zekova sile you down on 4 chair and then, without making any great show of what she is doing, pulls up the sleeve of your jerkin and puts a knife to an exposed vein. Your blood starts to flow hat and dark, and she collects it in a shallow wooden bowl. The wisewoman keeps the wound open for several minutes until you start to feel light-headed and woozy. (Lose 3 STAMINA points.} Just as you think you are going to pass oul she steunches the blood- flow with a poultice of herbs and then quickly binds the wound with a strip of cloth bandage As you take a moment to recover from the bleeding Grandmother Zekova lakes a stoppered gound-bottle from. a shelf and warms {ts contents in a small cauidron over the fire. She adds a bundle of dried herbs and then leaves the concoction to sumumer. The close air inside the cottage is filled with an acrid aroma Another half an hour and the potion is ready. 'Drink this,' Grandmother Zekova commands, shoving a ladleful of viscous grey-green liquid in front of your lips. Holding your nose you swallow the potion in a single gulp, hoping not to taste it. Although you feel ne obvious effects, the potion begins to act immedi- ately, slowing the transformation that the lycanthropy is working upon your physical form. (Subtract 2 7 points from your CHANGE score.) Now turn to 382

=== SECTION 336 | PDF PAGE 128 ===

Unable to help yourself, you push through the ring of observers and join the gypsy girl in her dance. Rather 'han push you away she takes your hands in hers and whirls you away in a spinning dance around the fire Faster and faster you spin, and all the time her smiling brown eyes are locked on yours. It feels as if you are drowning in those limpid pools, and then suddenly You are elsewhere, a grim market fown where a band of funters is gathering, but you spurn their company and set off on the hunt alone... You find yourself in front of a Saping cave mouth, lighting your lantern you brave the darkness .. . You are entering a forbidding castle... A moment later you are at the top of a staircase, standing Zefore too doors, You turn the handle of the door to your left and enter the room beyond And then you are back at the gypsy camp, staring into the fire, the images you thought you just saw fading the flickering flames. Turn to 323

=== SECTION 337 | PDF PAGE 128 ===

You have tarried too long here. As you reach for another potion, the floor of the lab burns through Seneath you, plunging you into the burning heart of the building. No one could survive such a fall and the roasting effects of the fire combined. Your adventum is cruelly and abruptly over The crone's Cook Book is in fact a book of spells. Mos of the charms recorded on the crinkled parchment pages in a spidery hand arte curses or simple hedge wizard's love spells. However, there is one that catches your eye, a Transfiguration Spell on page 76 4 potent charm against skin-changers. Taking the crone's Cook Book with you, will you Sample some of the concoction she was busy brewing? Turn bo 178 Leave the kitchen and take the other passageway leading from the entrance hall? Turn to 3.40 Leave and ascend the grand staircase to the double doors? Turn to 1

=== SECTION 338 | PDF PAGE 129 ===

The crone's Cook Book is in fact a book of spells. Mos of the charms recorded on the crinkled parchment pages in a spidery hand arte curses or simple hedge wizard's love spells. However, there is one that catches your eye, a Transfiguration Spell on page 76 4 potent charm against skin-changers. Taking the crone's Cook Book with you, will you Sample some of the concoction she was busy brewing? Turn bo 178 Leave the kitchen and take the other passageway leading from the entrance hall? Turn to 3.40 Leave and ascend the grand staircase to the double doors? Turn to 1

=== SECTION 339 | PDF PAGE 129 ===

Werewolves?' Konrad says, his voice suddenly a ==rsh whisper. 'Why yes, there are plenty of stories concerming werewolves in these parts, and other skin- angers besides. But why do you ask? What interest ¢o you have in such malevolent matters?' Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, you manage to fob Konrad off *ith a convincing excuse you make up on the spot i : Sim to 395. However, if you are Unlucky, turn to 355

=== SECTION 340 | PDF PAGE 129 ===

You follow the passageway past and through aban- 'doned rooms and empty spaces that appear to have ® afl the characteristics of an animal's den rather than a mbleman's family seat. At last you come to another =t of stone steps that descend into the bedrock of the diff, on which the castle is built. Do you want lo Continue down these steps? Turn to 74 Retum to the entrance hall and take the left-hand passage? Turn ta 349 Retum to the hall and climb the staircase 10 the double doors beyond? Turn to 1.46

=== SECTION 341 | PDF PAGE 129 ===

Alew firm tugs on the grate frees it from the mouth of te tunnel. Clambering through, you set off along the reer, iNuminaied passageway, A few yards further '@n you come to a junction, of sorts. To your left is a Mocked cell door, and you do not have a key. To your 'eght another passageway leads away into darkness while directly ahead the torch-lit tunnel continues There are only bvo viable ways onward. Will you follow the passageway to the right (turn to 282) of continue straight ahead (hun lo 421}?

=== SECTION 342 | PDF PAGE 130 ===

There are only bvo viable ways onward. Will you follow the passageway to the right (turn to 282) of continue straight ahead (hun lo 421}?

=== SECTION 343 | PDF PAGE 130 ===

The mists part and you find yourself in sight of an unassuming stone-built chapel, the slates of the roof bathed in the silvery light of the gibbous moon. This must be the shrine to Saint Crucius, the location of the healing well you so desperately seek. The shrine stands at the edge of a wind-blown spur of jand, the wom path that leads to it, following the precipitous lip of a rocky escarpment that drops away 100 feet to the undulating expanses of moorland beyond A hideous how! cuts through the night, chilling you to the core and sending a thrill of adrenalin mashing through your body. You turn to face ihe spot where the sound originated and see something big and black moving towards you. It is a dog, bul as big as a pony ils fur bristling like a wildcat's. And yet it is the creabure's muzzle-face ihat horrifies you most. One eye bums red, while the other is white and blind, like the orb of the moon. The dop's slavering jaws are lined with savage, dagger-like fangs and Irom its heavy paws sprout claws that might put a man with one powerful swipe. You unsheathe your sword. The monstrous midnight-black hound growls, measuring you up with its one good eye. Rol] bwodice. If ihe total rolled is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, turn to 369. Lf it is greater, turn to 18

=== SECTION 344 | PDF PAGE 131 ===

Back in the entrance hall of the tower, you discover that the doors are now open again and you are able to fee this house of horrors. There is only the moonlit courtyard to cross and then you will be beyond! the bounds of the dark tower's power. If you have the codeword] Daginu written on your Admantere Sheet turn to 360. If not, hum lo 3°73

=== SECTION 345 | PDF PAGE 131 ===

Two hideous wolfish forms mund the corner ai the end of the street. You feel that they are loping straight towards you, heads swaying from side to side, sniffing the air Then they pass your hiding place, without reacting to your presence, and you see that in places their scabrous hides are holed and pulled back to teveal bare bone, green-grey intemal organs, and flesh- less ribs. The Werewargs - grotesque undead were- wolves, tapped in a semi-lupine form - disappear again. You let out your breath in a shuddering sigh of tebef. With the immediate danger passed, you proceed on your way. Turn to 390

=== SECTION 346 | PDF PAGE 131 ===

Back in the entrance hall of the tower, you discover that the doors are now open again and you are able to fee this house of horrors. There is only the moonlit courtyard to cross and then you will be beyond! the bounds of the dark tower's power. If you have the codeword] Daginu written on your Admantere Sheet turn to 360. If not, hum lo 3°73

=== SECTION 347 | PDF PAGE 131 ===

The aquatic creature's blood staining the water purple, its corpse sinks back into the depths from which it arose. Lungs straining fit to burst, it is then that you catch sight of white nubs of bone between the entangled weeds and the glint of gold. You surface @asping for oxygen, taking in heaving hingfule of air Having recovered your breath, do you want to dive back down into the pool to see what beasures you can retrieve (turn to 414), or will you drag yourself out of the clinging, slimy water and continue your way through the woods (turn to 499)?

=== SECTION 348 | PDF PAGE 132 ===

The third floor of the tower is spartanty furnished and decorated in contrast lo the rest of the tower, You pass what seem to be a number of cell doors leading off a cormdor that follows the outside wall of the tower Reaching a door, from under which blows a chill nighl breeze, you stop to listen and can hear a scritch-scratch sound coming from the other side. Trying the handle you discover that the door is not locked. If you want to open the door and enter the room beyond, turn to 361. If you would rather leave well alone,turn to 7

=== SECTION 349 | PDF PAGE 132 ===

Ooh, pretty things, chuckles the last of the wolf- women as you carefully extract an artefact from your backpack. Bui what can you offer them? If you offer the brides a Garnet Ring, a Gilt Mirror, a Bloodstone Amulet, or a Moonstone Amulet, turn to 312. If you offer thera a Silver Mirror, a Charm Necklace, a Silver Wiss NGS Vee 3 ! Locket, a Silver Crown, or a Silver Dagger, turn to 381 If you have none of the above, snarling, their patience used up, the brides stalk towards you (turn to 306

=== SECTION 350 | PDF PAGE 132 ===

You are several miles from Maun, passing through a range of low hills with the day wearing on, when you come in sight of two dark silhouettes jutting up from the landscape, To the west you can see an uniden- tifiable crumbling ruin. Away to the east the hills rise towards jagged peaks that look like the teeth of some sleeping Earth Dragon. But the outline of one of these peaks is obscured by a solid citadel-like structure still some miles away. The road splits at this juncture, The main road continues north through the hills, while a less well-travelled track winds away into the higher > hills to the east. There is no longer any clearly defined path leading to the ruins to the west. Mindful of the approach of nightfall, will you seek shelter at the citadel away to the east (turn to 11), investigate the ruins to the west (hum to 5) or simply keep on along the road you are following towards Vargenhof (turn to 98)?

=== SECTION 351 | PDF PAGE 132 ===

Under the hulking Beast's relentless attack, you flounder and shumble backwards - over the edge of the roof of the carriage. And then you are falling plummeting to your death at the bottom of Garou Gorge, the stagecoach, with the Werebeast roaring in triumph atop it, racing away into the night. Your adventure is over Ley § "On Aco AV eee 4 eu ™- ooze es ae LaF | Ree Ses go faa a i jee b ee / a le ! seen aig tees pe aes Sa fa oe

=== SECTION 352 | PDF PAGE 133 ===

There is nothing more for you here. At the far end of lhe banqueting hall, a magnificently carved wooden slaircase, covered with a rich claret carpet, leads up te yet another set of double doors. Taking a deep breath in an attempt to steady your nerves and keep the beasl within at bay, you ascend the staircase. At the top you pause before the double doors. The family crest of the House of Wulfen has been carved across them both Now is your chance to make any final preparations vou may wish to before entering the highest chamber Castle Wulfen.) You turow open the doors and stride boldly through The chamber beyond is an example of opulent splendour. Fine tapestries bedeck the wails, antique Arantian rugs cover the floor, all lit by Light-splitting crystal chandeliers. However, everything has an air of heglect about it. The tapestries are faded and dusty the rugs scratched and frayed, the chandeliers dulled by grume. Framed by a tall window directly in front of you is an omately carved chau, thronelike in its magnificence. Sitting slouched, one leg swinging over the chair arm, is someone you recognise from the porirait gallery you passed through. A tousled mane of grey hair hangs down tohis shoulders, shot through with a single streak of lustrous black. He is wearing an unbutloned jackel, exposing a ruffled shirt beneath and flne black trews with knee-length boots. The man is darkly handsome, the visible skin of his chest, arms and hands covered with coarse black hair. He is toying with a pewter goblet in one hand, and on his middle finger you notice a gold signet ring, as it catches the light. In front of the chair lie wo huge wolves. They wach you intently with cold, wnblinking yellow eyes For his part, the lord of Castle Wulfen watches you with languid interest as you stride slowly, yet confidently, towards him Let me introduce myself," the nobleman says. 'I am Count Varcolac. Don't worry about introducing your- self. 1 know who you are.' He sniffs the air sharply. - You are my brother's killer. But let that not stand between us and friendship. More importantly, you were remade by my brother. That practically makes you family! Your wolfish abilities have served you well, for you to get this far. I have high hopes for you Bow before me. Swear fealty to me, and | will show you al] that your gift has to offer you.' Inwardly, every wolfish fibre of your being howls that this is the Arch-Lycanthrope, the first of the Werewolf bloodline, the one whom you seek and whose demise will free you from your vile curse. But you cannoli help being taken aback. The creature whose death you have desired from the outset is offering you the chance to join with him. And his arrogance may have given - you the perfect opportunity to rid the world of his - malign, cunning evil. Will you bow before the Count in the hope that you will be able to strike when his guard is down {turn to 442), or will you simply draw your weapon with no such pretence (turn to 47)?

=== SECTION 353 | PDF PAGE 134 ===

In the bottom of your pack you find a bottle of the eypmes' vodka as well as Matbreads and cheese enough for 2 Meals. (Add these items to your Adpenture Sheet and regain 1 LUCK point.) You may drink the vodka whenever you want, but there are only three tots in the botille {make a note of this as well}. The vodka is sterling stuff: each tot restores 3 STAMINA points. But the next ime you are instructed Test your Sioil after drinking it, you must reduce your sia. by 1 point. However, the drink algo fortifies your courage so, for the duration of the next battle you fight after drinking, you may increase your Attack Strength by 2 point. Then it is dime to be on your way again. Tumi bo ga

=== SECTION 354 | PDF PAGE 134 ===

Cursed Bloodline = The disease coursing through your blood is potent and potentially fatal. As your body slowly transforms into that of a wolf you are wracked by crippling pains. Lose 4 STAMINA points and add 1 more point to your CHANGE score. [If you survive this bone-wrenching wansformation,turn to the para- graph with the same number as the one you were Last instructed to write down on your Adventure Sheet

=== SECTION 355 | PDF PAGE 134 ===

You 'umum' and 'err' as you try to think up a con- vincing excuse on the spot. 'What's wrong with your shoulder?' Konrad suddenly blurts out You were not even aware of the fact that you were scratching your shoulder while talking to the village leader. Suddenly without even a by-your-leave, Konrad rips open your tunic and sees your wolf-bite for himself. He pasps in horror and takes a step back. Surprised by his reaction you plance sideways at the shoulder wound yourself You cannot contain your own appalled ery of disgust az you see that the skin surrounding the injury is now bristling with thick black hair. {Add 2 CHANGE point Before you know what is going on, you are grabbed ard bundled cut of the inn. You find yourself out in the village square again, surrounded by a mab of villagers, who are spoiling for a fight. Turn to 246

=== SECTION 356 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

You find yourself in a cramped room packed to over- flowing with bookcases, the shelves crammed with dusty tomes, large leather-bound volumes and rolled - scrolls. The dusty air smells strongly of mouldering parchment and rotting leather. There is ancther door in an adjacent wall between the teclering bookcases Do you want to leave the room by this door, withoul delaying (turn to 86}, or would you rather linger a while in the Abbey's archive to see what you might gtean from its dusty records (turn to 401)?

=== SECTION 357 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

There are four temes which have particularly caught your attention, but which one would you like to spend - your time studying? The Fail of the House of Wulfen? Turn to 343 Evil and Excess: A History of the Cadre Infernal? Turn to 338 Lycanthropy: The Curse of the Werewolf? Turn to 313 Grams Fotk-lore of Lupracia? Turn to 401

=== SECTION 358 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

Have it your own way,' the old woman says testily Taking a sloppered bottle from a shelf, she warms its contents in a small cauldron over the fire. She adds a bundle of dried herbs and then leaves Lhe concoction to simmer. The close air inside the cottage is filled with an acrid aroma. Another half an hour and the potion is ready. 'Dmnk this,' Grandmother Zekova commands, shoving a ladleful of viscous grey-green liquid in front of your lips. Holding your nose you swallow the potion in a single gulp, hoping not to laste it. Although you [eel no immediate effects, the potion wil] slaw the transformation that the lycan- thropy is working upon your physical form. (Subtract i from your CHANGE score.) Now hur to 342

=== SECTION 359 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

The old woman suddenly drops to her knees crying Spare me and I can help you defeat the lord of Castle Wulfen, the ultimate evil power in all of Lupravia That is why you're here isn'b il?' Will you let the witch live, in the hope that she will prove true to her word turn to 183} or will you finish her now, while you have the chance (burn to 50)?

=== SECTION 360 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

You are halfway across the courtyard when a shadowy spectral form miaterialises in front of you. You recognise the twisted, batlike features of the shade The undying spectre of the Countess Isolde has come to stop you ever leaving her domain of darkness and to visit unhaly vengeance upon you. You will have to tmumph in one final battle to escape the Lady of Maun's clutches VAMPIRE-WRAITH SKILLG STAMINA 6 fF you win but the Wraikh wounded you, turn ta 397. li you overcome the Countess' spectral form without sustaining any injury, regain 1 Luck point and turn to 373

=== SECTION 361 | PDF PAGE 136 ===

The undying spectre of the Countess Isolde has come to stop you ever leaving her domain of darkness and to visit unhaly vengeance upon you. You will have to tmumph in one final battle to escape the Lady of Maun's clutches VAMPIRE-WRAITH SKILLG STAMINA 6 fF you win but the Wraikh wounded you, turn ta 397. li you overcome the Countess' spectral form without sustaining any injury, regain 1 Luck point and turn to 373 Opening the door you are assaulted by the stench of guano and a startled beaung of wings as the birds making their home in the chamber are clisturbed by your sudden armval. The mom is open to the night through a large arched opening. Monochrome moon- light enters the filthy roost, gleaming dully from the sharp black beaks and obsidian talons of the throng of huge ravens that have made the chamber their home - iz " an i , Pie 3 ita - a CO eae aaa aa eae a al Lie nnn TTT Their cracked croaking caws are deafening and the birds are certainly not happy at your intrusion. How- ever, you can also see something else glinting in the moonlight among the feathers and muck covering the floor, Do you want to risk entering the ravens' roost to © daim this 'treasure' (turn to 975) or will you leave and quit the third floor too (turn to 7)?

=== SECTION 362 | PDF PAGE 136 ===

Pressing on through the winding tunnels, you finally § come to a stone staircase that leads up and out of the Abbey catacombs. Jt is obvious that some malign power had infested the Abbey of the Black Monks and that the place is now rotten to the core. At the top of the steps a new passageway leads away left (turn to 44) and right (turn to 406

=== SECTION 363 | PDF PAGE 136 ===

Without knowing how, you seem to have developed an unerring sense of direction, which is not hampered by the presence of the clinging foe and ever-present gloom. It is almost as if you can smeli your way through this trackless wilderness. As you make your way along spits of dry ground, managing to steer clear of the ensnaring swamps all around you, the eerie sound of a canine wail reaches your ears. One hand on the hilt of your sword you press on, hoping to reach the shrine before you meet whatever itis that & making that mourmful noise. Turn to 342

=== SECTION 364 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

With the metamorphosed Black Widow dead, you search her chamber. Roll two dice and add 13. This is the total number of Gold Pieces you glean from the floor of the cave. You also find a string of pearls, worth 6 Gold Pieces, a Silver Crown, worth 10 Gold Pleces and gemstones worth 12 Gold Pieces, Regaln 1 Luce point. Having fought the Spider-Queen in her lair and won for yourself a king's ransom, where will you go from here? To leave the spider-infested cave network altogether now, turn to 47. If you would rather keep exploring the caves, will you leave the chamber via the sialactite-hung tunnel (turn to 122) of the stalag- mite tunnel (ham t 405)?

=== SECTION 365 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

Taking out the Silver Dagger you found in the maggol pit. you sense the disgusting, overgrown monstrosity recoil from it This blade of pure silver has power over the maggol-monster. If you choose to Aight the monster, you must do so with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point, but any wound you cause the creature will cause it 3 STAMINA points damage, rather than the usual 2 Bearing this information in mind Tetum to 262 and make another choice

=== SECTION 366 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

You cannot believe it: your purse is missing! One of 'the gypsies has robbed you. Cross off all your temaining Gold Pieces and lose 1 Luck point. You have no Idea where the gypsies have gone, there is no Sign of any tracks leaving the clearing, and so it would 7 bea futile waste of time to try to pursue them. Cursing 'the capricious Mortani, you set off again through the forest, feeling thoroughly miserable and dejected pram bo 500 You look like you could do with somewhere w reat you into the shrine and barring the door behind him He leads you past an altar to Saint Crucius, placing Se silver cross upon it as he does so, and on into a 'warming room. You sit down at a stall next to the fire Slazing in the hearth there, while the priest ladles out a bow! of steaming broth from the cauldron bubbling 'over it. You gulp down the soup and finish it in no Gime (add 3 STAMINA points). "So,' the priest cays once you have eaten, 'what has brought you to the shrine 'of Saint Crucius and an encounter with the demon Shuck?' What will you tell the priest? That you have been cursed with lycanthropy and seek a cure? Turn to 386 That you are on a quest to rid the land of evil and seek holy aid? Turn to 404

=== SECTION 367 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

You look like you could do with somewhere w reat you into the shrine and barring the door behind him He leads you past an altar to Saint Crucius, placing Se silver cross upon it as he does so, and on into a 'warming room. You sit down at a stall next to the fire Slazing in the hearth there, while the priest ladles out a bow! of steaming broth from the cauldron bubbling 'over it. You gulp down the soup and finish it in no Gime (add 3 STAMINA points). "So,' the priest cays once you have eaten, 'what has brought you to the shrine 'of Saint Crucius and an encounter with the demon Shuck?' What will you tell the priest? That you have been cursed with lycanthropy and seek a cure? Turn to 386 That you are on a quest to rid the land of evil and seek holy aid? Turn to 404

=== SECTION 368 | PDF PAGE 138 ===

You are im a small chamber, its walls plastered wiih the dust-covered shrouds of spiders' webs, Whateves made these webs must have been very large indeee or there were a preat number of them. As you move cautiously across the chamber, you notice two we bound bundles. From the look of it, the bao bundles each contain a small, humanoid body and you get the impression of green skin and pointed ears. If you wam to linger a while longer and search the bound bodies turn to 85. If you would rather leave with delaying which exit will you take out of the cave? A tunnel from which a damp breeze blows? Turn to 97 A tunnel with an obvious seam of black stone? Turn to 435 A puddle floored passageway? Turn to 225

=== SECTION 369 | PDF PAGE 138 ===

You tell Grandmother Zekova how Ulrich hacked af the werewolf's paw when you were first attackes how it turned into a human hand afterwards, and @ Signet Ring you found on the middle finger. "La mie see it," the old woman demands, so you take it a wand show it to her. She cannot suppress her gasp of dread. "This is the crest of the House of Wulfen, the "7 suling house of Lupravia,' she explains, her voice spavenng. "Lupravia is a cursed land and theirs is a =used bloodline. The stories surrounding the Wulfen 7 aurse are many and ternble, tales of nightmarish onsters, people being taken from their homes aurder and madness. Castle Wulfen lies at the rthest point of Lupravia, in the foothills of the Orsov Mountains. Itis said to be a sinister shadow of what it as in more prosperous times. There are stories of J =onsters roaming the streets of Wulfenstein, the Silage that lies beneath the castle, where people live =constant fear, as the howling of wolves and worse 2unts their nights. The wretched people of that ==mned place rarely venture far from hore. The tales Mad Prince Garoul of the Wulfen family have S=ached even as far as these woods, It is said that he erefers the company of wild beasts to that of human eings and from what we have witmessed this night I @elieve that the curse on the Wulfen line is the curse of = werewolf. It was Garoul who infected you with Scanthropy. Ef you are to escape that curse you must 9 sant him down and finish what you started here. You Bust destroy the head of the Were-bloodline before Se next full moon,' Srandmother Zekova has given you information that =n do nothing but help you in your quest to cid weourself of the cursed disease you have contracted Write the codeword Avokez on your Adventure Sheet fed turn to 124)-

=== SECTION 370 | PDF PAGE 139 ===

Sugging back a piece of canvas, you duck inside. You wait, your heart racing, listening as the owners of the Toices pass by and then disappear, as they check amother part of the camp. Itis then that you hear a dry rapid rattle behind you and the scraping of scales on the floor. Before you can even turn round and pull your sword from its scabbard, you feel something thick and muscular slide around your legs and trap you within its constricting coils. You are bedily pulled found to face your assailant. A lamp is burning somewhere so you can make gut the hideous features o@ the creature that has ensnared you. It is a grotesque amalgam of snake and woman. The upper half of her 4 body is human, although totally hairless, her finger mails long talons and her face misshapen by ophidian katures. From the waist down she is entirely serpen- time, and her whole body is covered with mottled brown and green scales, The monster fixes you with & orange-yellow eyes and a forked tongue darts cut beiween her lips, her cry of disgust at your intrusion a sitting hiss. The furious snakewoman opens her mouth, her jaw stretching horribly wide and exposing img, cobra's fangs. You gasp as the coils ighten about Fou with bone-crushing force. You are going to have bw fight your way free, and fast SERPENSA THE SNAKEWOMAN SKIELLQ STAMINAQ Before you can tackle your adversary in the usual way Fou are going to have to free yourself from her crush- me coils. Fight this battle with your Attack Strength CIE Lt reduced by 1 point, until you manage to win tw Attack Rounds; after that you can consider that yo have managed to free yourself and will no longe suffer this penalty. However, Serpensa has sever different methods of attack, depending on whic Attack Round itis. If you lose an Attack Round chee on the table below to discover what damape yo suffer Allack Round Attack and Damage 1-2 Constricting coils -lose 3 STAMINA points 3 Cobra's kiss - her fangs deliver a poisonous bite. Lose 4 5TAMINA points and 1 SKILL point 4 Tail-lash - a swipe from her tail knocks you off your feet. Lose 2 5TaMINA points and reduce your Attack Strength by 1 for the next Attack Round as you strugple lo stand again Sonwards Tearing talons - lose 2 STAMINA points If you manage to slay the Snakewoman, turn to 385

=== SECTION 371 | PDF PAGE 140 ===

Attack Rounds; after that you can consider that yo have managed to free yourself and will no longe suffer this penalty. However, Serpensa has sever different methods of attack, depending on whic Attack Round itis. If you lose an Attack Round chee on the table below to discover what damape yo suffer Allack Round Attack and Damage 1-2 Constricting coils -lose 3 STAMINA points 3 Cobra's kiss - her fangs deliver a poisonous bite. Lose 4 5TAMINA points and 1 SKILL point 4 Tail-lash - a swipe from her tail knocks you off your feet. Lose 2 5TaMINA points and reduce your Attack Strength by 1 for the next Attack Round as you strugple lo stand again Sonwards Tearing talons - lose 2 STAMINA points If you manage to slay the Snakewoman, turn to 385

=== SECTION 372 | PDF PAGE 140 ===

Of the three books listed below, which would you like to spend spme more ime perusing? Eur and Excess: A History of the Cadre Infernal? Turn to 38 Lycanthropy: Tie Curse of the Werewolf? Turn to 313 Grymm's Folk-lore of Lupravia? Tim £0 30M © | cos As with any other battle, you have time to use the = | crossbow once before Varcolac is on you. Test your aD Skitz, 1 you succeed, your crossbow bolt causes the ' werewolf 2 STAMINA points of damage, unless it is Spped with silver, in which case it will cause 3 points "of damage. When you come to fight the Arch- 'ycanthrope, adjust the monster's sramina score accordinely, if you wound him with a crossbow bolt Turn to 15a

=== SECTION 373 | PDF PAGE 140 ===

As you pass beneath the gatchouse and leave the = irons of the Tower of Maun you immediate! y feel he oppressive atmosphere lift, You shelter for the aight in the lea of a huge, mossy boulder and the next Say you set off again, circumnavigating the village Sefore joining the road leading north, Turn to 350 Bee oe a es co." eG ie, eka EDs > 4G nt i

=== SECTION 374 | PDF PAGE 141 ===

There is a loud Crack! as the pistol fires. A split second later you gasp in pam as the bullet hits you (lose z STAMINA points)! How can ghostly bullets injure a living being, you wonder, locking down at the splash of ectoplasm on your leather tunic where the bullet struck, feeling a numbing, ice-cold sensahon in your chest. You are dragged back from your musings by 8 shout of, "Have at you!" from the phaniom Highway man. turn to 501

=== SECTION 375 | PDF PAGE 141 ===

You are not halfway across the room when the birds lift off from their perches and swoop at you, trying ta peck out your eyes and seralch your face with ther hard black talons. You are forced to defend yourself UNKINDNESS OF RAVENS SKILL? STAMINAS If you defeat the birds you can take it that those ravers still alive re turn to their perches but continue to caw harshly al you as you nummage through the filth covering Lhe Aloor fadd 1 lo your ALARM score Among the detritus you find a total of 19 Gold Pieces a closed Silver Locket on a chain, and most discon certingly of all, the skeleton of a man picked clean b¥ the murderous birds. [f you want to open the locket barn to 394. If not, you may take the locket and Gold Pieces with you (adding them to the Equipment List on your Adventure Sheet) before leaving the [oul aviary Turn to 7 EWC

=== SECTION 376 | PDF PAGE 141 ===

The force of the bullet striking you feels like being clubbed with a sledgehammer and you reel back- wards. Pain burns through your shoulder like molten quicksilver. 'You have never known a sensation like it and how! in agony in response. The bullet now lodged in your shoulder was fashioned from silver, a metal which is inimical to your lycanthropy-cursed kind and will havea permanent debilitating effect on your body. (Lose 4 sTaMINa points, 1 SKILL point and 1 Luck point.) Driven by pain-induced rape and a furious need for vengeance against your aggressive assailant you meet the man in combat. Turn to 398

=== SECTION 377 | PDF PAGE 141 ===

The blacksmith howls as you strike him, clutching his fight forearm where you have wounded him (lose 1 LUCK point). Then you hear another dreadful howl from beside you and something claws at you with rapidly extending talons. Lose 2 STAMINA points and turn to 62

=== SECTION 378 | PDF PAGE 141 ===

One of the gypsies has left you a present. Inside your pack you find a Moonstone Amulet. If you want to keep the treasure, you put it on around your neck. Bewildered by the whimsical behaviour of the mysterious Morlani, you po on your way again through the forest. Turn to 500

=== SECTION 379 | PDF PAGE 142 ===

To hear you say that fills me with renewed hope,' Van Richten declares, (Add 1 Luck point.) 'There is some- thing else ] must yet do, so for now our paths must pari, but look for me again tomorrow night at the house of Doktor Kafka the surgeon, in Maun. We mud go about our work as our enenes do, under cover of darkness, but at our next meeting I shall reveal all concemiing owt mutual quesk Asa sign of my faith in I give you this," the Vampire Hunter says, handing you his Flintlock Pistol and a leather pouch containing six round Silver Bullels. Add these items fo your Adventure Sheet, along with the codeword Nefhcir. (if you want to find out more about how to use the Flintlock Pistel, you may turn to paragraph 4eo at any time, making a note of the paragraph you are onat the time first.) "Until tomorrow night,' Van Richten says by way of farewell, and then he is gone. You spend Lhe rest of the night in fitful sleep, When you wake in Lhe morning toa dull grey misty dawn, you set off withoul further delay. Turn to 250

=== SECTION 380 | PDF PAGE 142 ===

With whinnying shrieks of terror, the horses attempt to leap the gap in the broken bridge. But they are fatigued after their frantic chase through the forest Their hooves clatter against the opposite edge of the bridge but cannot find purchase, and pulled down by the weight of the coach behind them, the horses plunge after it into the gaping chasm. You and Katya follow, plummeting lo your deaths on the jagged rocks far below. Your adventure ends here

=== SECTION 381 | PDF PAGE 142 ===

What do you think you are doing?' screams the first as you offer the bride the silver object. Then, with a snarl, she leaps at you, biting your wrist and making you drop your proffered gift. Lose 2 stAMINa paints and 1 $KILE point and turn to 306

=== SECTION 382 | PDF PAGE 142 ===

So, am I cured?' you ask the wizened wisewoman Have yourid me of the curse of the werewolf?' Before Grandmother Zekova can answer, a chilling how! cuts through the night it came from outside the cottage Spirits preserve us!" she gasps, clutching the necklace of charms around her throat. "They're back!' Ulrich hurries to double-check that the iron-bound oak door is secure The howl is joined by other lupine voices, coming from all around the cottage. The wolves have Grandmother Zekova's cottage surrounded. There is RK. eee " - 2 ae 1 pte eae a sudden, and totally unexpected rap at the door which makes the old woman start and Uirich tighten his grip on the axe. And then comes the voice that you will never forget as long as you Live: 'Litlle pigs, little Pigs, let me come in.' Begone, night creature!' Grandmother Zekova screams. For a moment the only sound is the snuffling of creatures prowling the perimeter of the cottage. The relative peace is violently broken by furious fists beating on the door Let me in, you wretched swine!' the malevolent - yet refined - masculine voice conlinues, "My brothers and I wish to dine with you. And if you won't let us in, I'l huff and I'll puff and Ill break my way in!' The unseen man's scream of rage seems to transform into an unearthly howl. The wolf pack take up the cry, and deep inside you, something strains ta answer their call. Roll two dice and if the total rolled is less than, or Za A 4 WLS la df ee i, 37) Sor, fe. me x a q = in|. ((\\\\\]\. ee == === equal to, your current CHANGE score, turn to 416. If it B grealer, turn to 37

=== SECTION 383 | PDF PAGE 143 ===

Before you know what's going on, a large flat stone in the centre of the cave floor- which you hadn't noticed before - flips back like a trapdoor and a huge, arachnid with filthy, matted brown fur leaps out of the hole and J grabs hold of you with powerful limbs. Before you can fight your way free, the giant spider scratches "your skin with the tips of its venomous fangs (lose 2 STAMINA points). And then you are free, sword drawn teady to ight back SGIANTTRAPDOORSPIDER skiLL7 = sTAMMa8 lf you slay the spider, you look for a way out (turn to 236

=== SECTION 384 | PDF PAGE 143 ===

Which of the following books from Vereticus' library would you like tospend some hme over? The Fall of the House of Wulfen? Turn to 343 Lycanthropy: The Curse of the Werewolf? Turn to 313 Gryrim's Folk-lore of Lupravia? Turn to 301

=== SECTION 385 | PDF PAGE 143 ===

Serpensa the Snakewoman lies dead at your feet, her reptilian blood soaking into the packed earth of the Boor. (Regain 1 Luck point for prevailing in such a challenging fight and add the codeword Reffik to your Adventure Sheet.) You are certain that one of the circus folk must have heard you struggling with the snake woman so, whatever you decide to do next, you mus act quickly. Will you leave the tent and flee the Carnivale immediately (turn to 29), or do you want & search the tent first (turn to 4o2)-

=== SECTION 386 | PDF PAGE 144 ===

The wild priest jumps up from his seat. 'Begone creature of evil!' he exclaims, rushing back to the alta and taking up the silver cross once more! 'So that k how you could dominate the Shuck. You and the devi dog are kindred spirits!' He spits the words out asi they are poison. 'Begone, and never darken my don again!' With that he thrusts the cross at you, whid starts to glow with holy light. You feel its power a you would a naked flame against your skin; it burm and you feel repelled by it! You cannot bear to stay here any longer. Giving voice to your own how! o agony you run from the chapel. The priest's banishins curse has taken a physical toll on you as well. Lose STAMINA points and 1 Luck point, adding 1 to you CHANGE SCOTE Ce

=== SECTION 387 | PDF PAGE 144 ===

"t You spend the rest of the night under the stars and E) come the morning, by dawn's wan light, you descend =) fom the rolling moors to the valley-lying settlements Po tp the east. As you do so you catch sight of a flock of blackbirds ciecling in the sky over a spot some half a mile away to the north. Such behaviour suggests the birds have found something in this wild place. De you - want to take a diversion north, to see what you might C) be found there (tum te 243}, or will you continue east ' back to the road (burn to 69)? The Werewarg dies on the end of your sword with a > grisly moan. You leap down from your horse to 3) Katya's aid - but you are too late. The were-hunter's "opponent lies dead in the dirt, Katya of the Crimson FP) Cloak lying next to ils stinking carcass. Blood pours 2 | from terrible lacerations all over her body and as her eyelids Hicker open you already know that she is not Ee going survive her wounds. 7 know I'm not much = | fonger for this world,' she splutters, gargling on her own blood, 'but don't let my death be in vain. There is 7 an insidious evil moted in this place, one that has spread its malicious influence throughout all Lupravia. Root it out, put an end to it - free Lupravia @em the curse of the Were.' And then she is gone Before you continue with your quest alone, you may take Katya's crossbow, if you wish. She also still has six silver-Hpped quarreis to use with it, Having cast up a brief prayer for Katya's departed soul, to whatever gods might still belistening to one as tainted as yourself, you enter Castle Wulfen. Turn to 510 Vi y ) | } i i He a Zs ar 7 | oll MCL el 2 'ah fait tinge: Ca ed oh a ae ae YN a ANS =e I \N EONS EA IN ND aM ) #l hi mr ee AN FH) etc gy Ni TAR aN a how r aa Sad NN Lie Y/f MSS ge Kee | Og SSS SS

=== SECTION 388 | PDF PAGE 145 ===

Allhough your conscious mind tells you there Is fhothing ta fear, and that only you can free the Daughters from their direful predicament, as they surround you with their spiralling dance your sub- conscious screams that something is deeply wrong The warnings of your subconscious mind are tceo > strong to resist and you unsheathe your sword, deep below the surface of the pool. You lash out at the mysterious maidens, who break off their singing and shriek like banshees, darting away into the even darker depths of the pool. As awareness returns you tealise that your lungs are burning, desperate for you to take a breath of fresh air, Instinctively you kick out im an effort to reach the surface, as a cold, scaly hand closes around your ankle. You look down and from the preen gloom of the depthless pool a horrific visage #gises. [tk appears to be semi-huntanoid and female and yet at the same Gme it reminds you of a sinister Snagele-toothed water-dweller. The woman''sbulging glassy eyes are those ol a trout while her gaping maw B filled with needle-sharp pike's teeth. You have come &ce-to-face with the ue elemental power of the Drowning Pool, the Water-Wyrd. With your sword already free of its scabbard you fight to free yourself from the fish-woman's clutches WATER-WYRD SKILL7 STAMINA 7 if you defeat your opponent in fewer Attack Rounds than your current SKILL score, turn to 347. If not, you will drown before you can ever escape the cold embrace of the predatory Water-Wyrd

=== SECTION 389 | PDF PAGE 146 ===

Unaware that you are doing it, you find yourself growling back at the ereature. Although you shock yourself, you shock the demonic dog even more, The beast cowers before you, realising that it has come face-to-face with a creature more terrible than itself Seizing the initiative you strike the hel-hound with your sword before it can regain its composure. Now turn to 18 where you will fight the crue] canine but before doing so you may reduce its SKILL score by 1 point and its STAMINA by 2 points

=== SECTION 390 | PDF PAGE 146 ===

And then, at last, you find yourself at the gates Castle Wulfen, ancestral home of the lords af Lupravia. Your heightened animal senses can smell the reek of the Were about the place, and you realise that you have found the lair of the lycanthrope you have been hunting, ever aince the Black Wolf infected you with its unholy affliction. It is as if something is calling to the wolf inside you, summoning it home You pass beneath the barbican, through the open castle gates, and into the lair of the beast. Turn to 510

=== SECTION 391 | PDF PAGE 146 ===

Look for me again tomorrow night at the house of Doktor Kafka,' were Van Richten's words to you, and now that you have reached Maun, you have the opportunity to meet with the Vampire Hunter again and fnd out more about the clandestine quest he Fn ee eeu spoke of in hushed whispers at your last meeting. Do ou want to look for the house of this Doktor Kafka with the intention of meeting with Van Richten again 'turn to 412), of, if you consider your own undertaking & be of the ubmest importance, do you want to pass en through Maun and continue your way (burn to 350)?

=== SECTION 392 | PDF PAGE 146 ===

Clambering over a fence, you begin to cross the uapmire that the rain-sodden pasture has become Through the heavy rain, and under an overcast sky D sat spreads its pall across the barren Jandscape like Se dusky mantle of night itself, you find it hard to Siscern distant shapes on the other side of the field The going is hard, the thick mud sucking al your ® Soots. You are halfway across when you hear a gruff "snorting, and the clanking of an iron bell, and turn in to see a monstrous bovine creature galloping @cross the field towards you, splashing through the 'nud, You would have said it was a cow; were it not for the branching, antler-like homs, claw-split hooves and savage tusks protruding from between ulcerated Gps, But whatever it ie, you have to fightit SOVINE BEAST SKILLS =STAMINAG 4s you fight the cow-creature you find the sucking fzud hampers your movements. Unless you have the Quickening special ability or Linnatura! Vigour, you 'must reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point for the uration of this battle. If you win, tun to 420

=== SECTION 393 | PDF PAGE 147 ===

Igor's second blow unbalances you and you topple backwards down the stairs to land in an unconsciqus heap at the bottom. Lose an additional 2 STAMINA Points and turn to 476

=== SECTION 394 | PDF PAGE 147 ===

Popping open the locket you find yourself gazing upon the miniature portrait of a striking, platirum haired young woman. It is so realistic you have te admire the skill of the artist who painted it. In fact unable to tear your eyes away from the haunting beauty portrayed there, you begin to feel as if the woman is looking back at you. (Add 1 to your aALAEM score and make a note of the codeword Dehciaw om your Adventure Sheet.) Unnerved, you hurl the locket Ehrough the arched window and ran from the Tayens' roost. Tumi to 7

=== SECTION 395 | PDF PAGE 147 ===

As dusk falls, you leave the inn with Konrad ané re turn to the village square, where a proup of villagers has gathered. They are armed with everything from bows and arrows to axes and short swords, even Pitchforks - anything they could lay their hands on The people of Strigoiva have been terrorised by ther specizal assailants for long enough. Tonight they are going to fight back and lay their demons to rest onc and for all When all are ready Konrad leads the brave Strigaivans towards the southern edge of the village. As the hunters file out of the square they dip their weapous into the water that has collected in a stone bowl outside a shingle-clad building with a tamished gold onion dome for a roof. The people mutter to them- selves and make curious gestures with their hands as they do so. Some even splash themselves with the water. Soon itis you who is passing the bowl. As you do so, do you want to mimic the villagers by dipping the ip of your sword in the water (torn to 407), by splashing some of the waler on your face (hum to 437 or will you do neither and simply follow the others out of the village (turn to 497)?

=== SECTION 396 | PDF PAGE 147 ===

Aloud crack from above you spurs you on along the tunnel and then, with a sharp snap, a rocky spear breaks free of the tunnel ceiling. The heavy stalactite drops as the monstrous spider-woman squeezes her- self underneath. The stonespear crishes the monster's distorted skull, kiiling it instantly (Regain 1 LUCK point.) If you want to re turn to the cave to search the chamber, turn to 364. If not, turn to 122

=== SECTION 397 | PDF PAGE 148 ===

Roll one dice. Lf you roll 1-4, the chilling, ghostly touch of the Vampiress' wraith has also drained 1 SKILL point from you. If you roll a 5 or 6, you have fortunately avoided this extra damage. Turn lo 373

=== SECTION 398 | PDF PAGE 148 ===

Those who would dare challenge Van Richten Vampire Hunter extraordinaire and champion of the light, will meet their end in righteous battle. So dol decree!' As is so often the way, cold steel will settle your disagreement with the paranoid Vampire Hunter once and for all VAMPIRE HUNTER SKILL1O 5TAMINAY If you biumph in your strugele against the Vampire Hunler, turn to 182

=== SECTION 399 | PDF PAGE 148 ===

Count Varcolac's werewolf corpse bwitches, as you stand there panting for breath, your human awareness rapidly being taken over by the feral instincts now controlling your changed body. The corpse spasms and falls limp again, as choking black smoke begins to pour out of the Arch-Lycanthrope's slack maw- The smoke takes on the form of a savage wollf-creature eyes plowing red. The insubstantial demonic form rushes into your own gaping mouth. The las! thought that passes through your barely dissolving conscious- ness is the realisation that Ihe demon has found anew stronger host, through which to maintain its cruel grasp on this cursed land. As the new lord of Wulfen SS SS SSS ss SS Castle, you will continue to suppress the populace of Lupravia beneath the yoke of oppression, as mon- strous as the last. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 400 | PDF PAGE 148 ===

Castle, you will continue to suppress the populace of Lupravia beneath the yoke of oppression, as mon- strous as the last. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 401 | PDF PAGE 149 ===

Among all the others, you find one scroll that tells of the life of one Saint Crucius. In centuries past he carried out his holy work throughout the provinces of Mauristatia, putting right countless wrongs and banishing the servants of Evil. The scroll claims that such was his righteous influence that calling upen his name, even to this day, can physically harm corrupt creahures Your perusal of the archive is interrupted by a curious munching sound and suddenly one bookcase collap- ses under the weight of the creatures feasting on the parchments stored there. Unpleasant, grey, s1x-foot- long bodies rippling repulsively, the giant bookworms sniff you out and move hungrily towards you. Fight them one ata time SKILL STAMINA First VERMIS LIBRIS 7 ? Second VERMIS LIBRIS 8 6 If you kill the bookwonns, you are able to leave the archive through the other door. Turn to 88

=== SECTION 402 | PDF PAGE 149 ===

Close by is the snakewoman's cage, the barred gate hanging open. Someone has been careless, Inside the cage you are surprised to find, among the mouldering straw, a bundle of oilskins. Unwrapping it you are even more surprised to find a gleaming Siiver Dagger with a razor-sharp edge. What would a freakshow > mutant be doing with sucha finely crafted item? If you want to take the Silver Dagger, add it to your Equipment List. 'You may also use the dagger in combat if you wish but because it is not as long as vour sword, nor balanced in the same way, if you do 7) so you must fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point, However, injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 5TaMINa points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to their cursed kind. The Silver Dagper will also harm Undead creatures but in > this case will only cause the usual 2 sTaM™Na points of damage There is nothing else among the Snakewoman''s possessions that is of interest to you so you leave the © tent. Will you also leave the Camivaie at this juncture turn to 29), or will you explore further (turn to 281)?

=== SECTION 403 | PDF PAGE 150 ===

There is nothing else among the Snakewoman''s possessions that is of interest to you so you leave the © tent. Will you also leave the Camivaie at this juncture turn to 29), or will you explore further (turn to 281)? With humbling honesty you relate your own wretched story ta Vereticus who listens with growing intensite When you have finished, it i¢ the scholar's turn speak, and his response surprises you. 'I can help you I want to help you, even though J cannot help my own. son,' he says earnestly, scratching the Wolf-Were behind the ears as he might a pet hunting dog, You " look at the Wolf-Were again with new eyes. Can this transformed creature really be the man's son? 'Come with me and ] will explain everything,' Vereticus says as if reading your mind, and leads you inside his house. 'Thave made the study of lycanthropy my Life's work,' Vereticus explains as he ushers you into his extensive private library, 'along with thatof the myths and legends of Lupravia, in an attempt bo find a cure CGR ee KS See yy for this terrible affliction,' The mahogany-panelled mom is filled with books. 'I have learned much, but equally, I have begun to realise how much more there is yet to discover about this malign condition, Fer one thing, the most common strain of the disease in existence, in Lupravia, cannot be cured by the usual Means: eating sprigs of poisonous belladonna and suchlike. But then [suspect you have found that much oul for yourself already.' You nod, confirming the scholar's assumption. The two of you then get to talking about your own experiences of the disease and he lells you the sorry tale of how his son came to be mlected He was thirteen years old. [had sent him out into the forest to collect toadstools and other fungi for me to catalogue, but he went much deeper into the heartwoods than I had anticipated and was still out after dark He was on his way home when he was attacked. I had set out to look for him, when he did not re turn at sunset, and heard his cries, along with the savage snarls of a wolf. I drove the crealure off with compound of silver nitrate and carried the boy home. I cleaned and dressed his wounds with all lhe care a father could give his child but, although he appeared to recover from the attack, at the next full moon the truth was revealed to me when he trans- formed into the creature you see here for yourself. He is neither one thing nor the other, tapped in this Wolf- Were form. [ have been searching for a cure ever since." How long ago was that?' you ask SSeS: QGQrnwrnrrrr i --

=== SECTION 404 | PDF PAGE 151 ===

"len years,' the scholar replies, a sorrowful faraway look in his eyes. "But this is nat helping you. There is an elixic I can prepare for you, but it will take a little while, While you are waiting, why don't you avail yourself of the information contained within my library? Knowledge is power after all.' Vereticus bustles out of the room to prepare his elo leaving you to your own devices. The wealth of know- ledge stored in this room is phenomenal and would rival that of some temples of Hamaskis. Perusing the spines of the books on the shelves several attract your attention in particular. If you have written down the codeword Avokez, bum to 364. If you have writen down the codeword Dloterof, tarn to 471. [f you have both of the codewords recorded, han to 457. If you neither, which of the following tomes would yau like to spend time reading? Lycanthrapy: The Curse of tre Werewolf? Turn to 313 Grynint's Folk-lore of Lupravin? Tim to 301 qug Is that right?' the priest says, his tone almost chal- lenging. 'But what kind of warrior would willingly brave the perils of Femmoor and then prevail?' He Teaches out a hand towards you and closes his eyes, as if trying to sense the aura of power around you. The priest's eyebrows knit in consternation. 'I sense some- thing of the darkness about you,' he says. 'Is it from consorting with the evil ones you fight against, or is it something else?" Roll bwo dice. If the total rolled is Less than your CHANGE score, turn lo 386. If the Lotal is equal to or greater than your CHANGE score, turn to 425

=== SECTION 405 | PDF PAGE 151 ===

You fnd yourself in a web-draped passageway. You cannot hope to proceed without breaking many of their sticky strands. The huge webs are home to a multitude of blood-red spiders, each no bigger than a ' man's fist. The arachnids immediately home in on you, drawn to the heat of your body in the cold cave AS you fight your way through the hangings webs the spiders swarm all over you, seeking out bare flesh into which they can sink their bloodsucking fangs The vampiric spiders are too small to fight with your weapon. All you can do is hurry through the web- strung passageway, desperately trying to brush them from you and crush their blood-bloated bodies beneath you heels. Roll one dice and add 1: this is the total number of sTamMina points you have to lose. (If five or more spiders bite you, add 1 point to your CHANGE score as well.) If you survive this vampiric encounier, you find yourself at another junction in the claustrophobic spider tunnels. Will you now fallow The stalagmite filled tunnel? Turn to 442 The tunnel covered with green algae? Turn to 142 A tunnel with its walls running with water? Turn to 14 Asubterranean tunnel teading under one wall? Turn to 433

=== SECTION 406 | PDF PAGE 152 ===

Shay, ire = re | = & eg: Fw | i ena \it "i tes es, au sue ae i = pili ery Ati Hi . fi bz ah Mower ia i 7 e : | eee wet | Se ae / hat Sei seen turn, leads into a chamel house. Homan skulls fill row The passageway leads to an open archway which, in upon row of niches in the walls, while skeletal angels of death gaze down from chiselled roof bosses. Several raised stone slabs in the centre ofthechamberbearthe + decomposing bodies of black-robed monks, But there is one of the living among the dead. With a cockroach hiss, amonk rises, turning from the corpse over which it was hunched - and that you can see now see that it was eating! The monk's heavy cow! falls back to reveal a head misshapen by savage, beetle-like mandibles and grotesquely bulging compound [ly's eyes. Appalled by the horrific appearance of the abomination you stare aghast as two extra pairs of black, chitin- armoured Jegs unfold trom beneath the mutated monk's habit. Jaws and limbs clicking repulsively, the hybrid scampers towards you, closing in for the kill COCKROACH MONK SKILL8 STAMINA8 If you manage to slay this grotesque abomination, you flee the morbid chamel house. Your mind awhirl with questions that you wonder if you would dare to know the answers to, you go back the way you came along the passage. Tun to 44

=== SECTION 407 | PDF PAGE 152 ===

You plunge the blade of your weapon into the icy water but are unaware of any effect it might have had Will you now splash some of the water on your face turn to 437) or will you just follow Konrad and the other villagers (hirn lo 497)? qab A short corridor leads off from the staircase on this level, ending at a narzow wooden door which bears the image of a chalice. Opening the door you find yourself insicle a large, torch-lit chapel. A pillared nave leads up to a cloth-craped altar on which stands a golden chalice set with glittering precious stones The flickering flames of rush-lights reflect from a number ofexquisitely painted stained-glass windows The most magnificent of these is set in an alcoved recess above the altar and shows a knight in full armour kneeling in penance before a white-robed priest. The kmight holds his sword out before him like

=== SECTION 408 | PDF PAGE 153 ===

a cross. The chapel appears to be a place of peace and you can see no obvious dangers. You approach the altar and take a look at the contents of the chalice; it appears to contain nothing more than water. If you want to drink from the chalice,turn to 424, If not you must leave the chapel and ascend, or descend, the staircase to another part of the tower (turn to 7

=== SECTION 409 | PDF PAGE 153 ===

And then, with a hollering cry, the crazed man barges past you and out into the night. Before you can follow Ulrich is suddenly there beside you, slamming the door to the cottage shut again and bolting it securely from the inside. You both immediately fur your attention to the old woman lying motionless on the floor. Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 289 If you are Unlucky, barn to 32

=== SECTION 410 | PDF PAGE 153 ===

You narrowly avoid falling into one of the many wolf- traps that riddle these woods but as you start to make your way back to join the main party again, you come face-to-face with one of the hunters' dogs. The woll- hound is as big as the wolves it has been bred to hunt and its canine senses tells it that there is something of the wolf about you. Snarling, it bares its teeth and leaps at you, ready to tear oul your throat. If you have Cell of the Wild special ability you are able to terrify the dog so much thatit runs yelping back to its master its tail between its legs (turn to 151). If not, you are going to have to fight it WOLFHOUND SKILL? sSTAMINAG Ifyou kill the dog, you are able to re turn to the safety of the rest of the hunting party as they are preparing toretum to Vargenhof before moonrise (hum to 154 You plunge your sword into Lhe rogue's chest, right up to the hilt. The Highwayman's head lets outa shrill death-cry, its eyes rolling up into its head. Pulling your sword free, you stagger back from the rider as the horse snorts and stamps the ground with its glowing hooves. But the horseman's wailing cry does not stop but turns into a grotesque, purgling cackle once more. His dead eyes fix on you again and you feel the blood in your veins turn to ice-water. 'Oh dear what a shame,' he says with mock regret, 'it would appear that ] am already dead, and you cannot kill that which is not alive!' (Lose 1 Luck point.) 'I would quiz suggest you run. I'll give you a head start,' the Highwayman laughs. Without a moment's hesitation you sprint for the safety of the inn. You hear the phantom horse's hooves on the road behind you again but then you are at the door to the stone-built coaching inn and suddenly both rider and steed are gone, like mist on the night-breeze. The echo of maniacal laughter lingers for a moment and then that too is gone. Turn to 6

=== SECTION 411 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

Maun is not a large place and it does not take you long to find whal you are looking for. Down a narrow side street off the village square is a stone building bearing a brass plaque, on which has been etched 'Doktor Kafka - Surgeon'. Having knocked at the door, you have to wait so long that you are about to turn away when it suddenly opens a crack. You find yourself looking down at the bespectacled and heavily lined face of a stooped old man. His pate is bald, what little hair he has left white, wispy and wild. 'What do you want?' he asks in a proff, curmudgeonly tone. 'If you've cut yourself with that sword of yours, I"m not interested.' Being careful to keep your vorce down you mutter that you have come to meet with Van Richten. At mention of the Vampire Hunter's name the surgeon's eyes narrow suspiciously. 'Is that nght?' he challenges. 'But how do I know if you are truly a friend or simply an agent of Old Nighi? Lf you really have arranged to meet with such a man, at this place and this hour, tell me, which Order was he a member of?' If you think you know the answer to Doktor S=_=ananananahewwnwwnanaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn Kafka's question, convert the words you are loolang for into a number using the code A=1, B=2, C=3 Z=26, totalling the individual numbers of the letters and then turn to the paragraph which is the same as that total, Ifthe paragraph you turn to makes no sense or if you have no idea what the answer is, nothing you can say will persuade the old man of your good intentions and so you have no choice other than to pass on through Maun without meeting the Vampire Hunter again (turn to 450

=== SECTION 412 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

Maun is not a large place and it does not take you long to find whal you are looking for. Down a narrow side street off the village square is a stone building bearing a brass plaque, on which has been etched 'Doktor Kafka - Surgeon'. Having knocked at the door, you have to wait so long that you are about to turn away when it suddenly opens a crack. You find yourself looking down at the bespectacled and heavily lined face of a stooped old man. His pate is bald, what little hair he has left white, wispy and wild. 'What do you want?' he asks in a proff, curmudgeonly tone. 'If you've cut yourself with that sword of yours, I"m not interested.' Being careful to keep your vorce down you mutter that you have come to meet with Van Richten. At mention of the Vampire Hunter's name the surgeon's eyes narrow suspiciously. 'Is that nght?' he challenges. 'But how do I know if you are truly a friend or simply an agent of Old Nighi? Lf you really have arranged to meet with such a man, at this place and this hour, tell me, which Order was he a member of?' If you think you know the answer to Doktor S=_=ananananahewwnwwnanaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn Kafka's question, convert the words you are loolang for into a number using the code A=1, B=2, C=3 Z=26, totalling the individual numbers of the letters and then turn to the paragraph which is the same as that total, Ifthe paragraph you turn to makes no sense or if you have no idea what the answer is, nothing you can say will persuade the old man of your good intentions and so you have no choice other than to pass on through Maun without meeting the Vampire Hunter again (tum to 450

=== SECTION 413 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

Walking through the village, seeing the zombie-slack sad expressions of its populace, your honourable adventurer's nature wishes there was something you could do to help. But what is the problem? You can see a biackamith working at his forge and a priest doing his rounds. Do you want to talk to the black- smith (turn to 296), the priest {turn to 177), or would you rather press on and leave Maun (turn to 350)?

=== SECTION 414 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

Taking a deep breath you submerge again and swim back down to the treasure-strewn depths. Beneath you, ensnared by the pernicious waler-weed, are the skeletal remains of the Water-Wyrd's previous victims. Chuming up the silty bed of the pool you recover what you can. Roll one dice and add 6, This is the total number of Gold Pieces you manage to collect Your lungs aching, you realise that it is Sme to return tothe surface. Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 499. Lf you are Unlucky,turn to 491 qag

=== SECTION 415 | PDF PAGE 155 ===

Clambering over the spurs of broken stalagmites, you emerge from the cave tunnel into a wider cavern, the sight of which takes your breath away. Stalactitea and stalagmites formed over thousands of years fill the cave like a forest. In places they even join to form natural columns of glistening stone. The mineral deposits in the rock formahions have coloured Nature's sculptures a myriad of colours, from coppery green and acid yellow, through bronzy oranges and burnt umbers, to verrnillion, crimson and black. There are even shades of cyan and purple, and to think that until] now, such beauty has been hidden in total darkness. As you gaze in wonder at the forest of stone at the penphery of your vision you glimpse move- ment. There above you, perched between natural limestone buttresses and spires, is a gigantic spider with a bulbous black body and long, spindly legs Held by the talons at the end of its legs is a nely spun web. 'You realise what the spider intends to do when with a flick of its feet, the arachnid releases its silk net Test your Skit, LF you succeed, you evade the Tangleweb Spider's trap and draw your sword, ready to defend yourself. If you fail, you become ensnared by the resilient web-net. In the battle to come jt will take you Attack Rounds to cut yourself free from the spider's cast web, during which Gme you will not be able to injure the Tangleweb, although the spider will be able to injure you TANGLEWES SPIDER SKILLG STAMINA? If you manage to kill the web-spinner you continue YOUr way across the cavern of wonder and choose a way oul. Will you take The narrow twisting tunnel? Turn to 14 The heavily cobwebbed passageway? Turn to 9 The wide cleft in the rock with an obvious seam of blue crysial? Turn to 70

=== SECTION 416 | PDF PAGE 155 ===

Something in the tone of the man's voice speaks to the primal creature that is awakening within you. Unable to stop yoursell, and before Ulrich or the old waman realise what you are doing, as if ina trance you walk over to the threshold, draw back the bolts, and fling open lhe door. Standing in the doorway is a wild- looking man dressed in only a shirt and torn britches His black, tousled hair hangs down around his shoulders like a mane. Behind him you see the wolves arcling in the moonlight. The man fixes you with a piercing red-eyed stare and a hungry smile spreads across his bloodstained lips, revealing protruding canine teeth, Then you catch sight of the stump where the man's left hand should be. The shock of realisation shaps you out of your trance-like state and you just Manage to draw your sword belore the lunatic leaps ai you, Irying to claw you with the dirt-encrusted talon-like fingernails of his remaining right hand LUNATIC SKILLF STAMINA As you fight the crazed lunatic on the threshold to the cottage, neither Ulrich nor the old woman can do anything to help, so you have to face the madman alone. After three Attack Rounds, or if you reduce the madman's STAMINA to 6 or less, whichever comes first, burn at once to 45"

=== SECTION 417 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Just for a second - just the briefest moment - the wolf inside gets the beter of you. You only regain control of your body again once the scholar is lying dead at your feet. What have youdone? And what is becoming of you? You begin to wonder if itis inevitable that you will succumb bo the curse of the werewolf, (Lose 1 more LUCK point) Howling in tortured anguish you flee from the scene of your brutal crime and do not slop minning until you are deep in the embrace of the darkening forest again. Turn to 46 Nee WG WZ -4 TU tell you what you are,' the diminutive Carnivale Master spils, his voice dripping with venom. 'You'rea killer! You murdered one of our own and Camivale justice demands retribution." You are dragged & another part of the tent where rotating board that forms part of a knife-thrower's act stands. You sttugele vainly as the Master's assistants manacle you to the board. Then someone sets it spinning and the knife-thrower steps up. He is a dead-shot and during his act can miss his assistant by only a hair's breadth Tonight, however, he chooses not t9 miss. Carnivale jusGce decrees it! Your adventure is over Then I fee] that this is where our paths must part again,' Van Richten says, obviously annoyed and disappointed, and stalks off again into the night. You feel that perhaps you have made an error ofjudgement in letting the Vampire Hunter down, giving in to the darker side of your personality, which is becoming stronger all the time. (Lose 1 Luck point and add i to YOU CHANGE score.) You spend the rest of the night in fitful sleep, and in the grey haze of morning are on your way again. Turn to 250

=== SECTION 418 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Eventually you make it to the main compound and enler the farmyard. Two buildings of note stand here the farmhouse itself and a large, shingle-roofed barn Where will you shelter from the downpour: the farmhouse {turn to 324} or the barn (burn to 215)?

=== SECTION 419 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Then I fee] that this is where our paths must part again,' Van Richten says, obviously annoyed and disappointed, and stalks off again into the night. You feel that perhaps you have made an error ofjudgement in letting the Vampire Hunter down, giving in to the darker side of your personality, which is becoming stronger all the time. (Lose 1 Luck point and add i to YOU CHANGE score.) You spend the rest of the night in fitful sleep, and in the grey haze of morning are on your way again. Turn to 250

=== SECTION 420 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Eventually you make it to the main compound and enler the farmyard. Two buildings of note stand here the farmhouse itself and a large, shingle-roofed barn Where will you shelter from the downpour: the farmhouse {turn to 324} or the barn (burn to 215)?

=== SECTION 421 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

The corridor ends at a door of mouldering green planks, which opens into a square room reeking of damp. Strings of fibrous plant srowths hang from the CIE - geiling. The floor of the dank chamber is covered with al] manner of fungi. Large yellow puffballs grow against broad-capped white toadstools and bulbous grey mushrooms. There is not a square inch of floor that is not covered. On the other side of the room is another door. To get to it you are going to have to cross across the carpet of fungi. Will you Run actoss the chamber? Turn to 446 Creep carehilly across the fingusroom? Turn to 4&1 Re turn to the last junction and go the other way? Turn to a8

=== SECTION 422 | PDF PAGE 157 ===

With cries of, 'Mathter! Mathler!' the Hunchback lopes away upa second flight of stairs to the top of the tower. You know now that there is something sinister afoot here and so you waste no ime in pursuing Igor You arrive out of breath in what can only be described as a mad scientist's laboratory. The space at the top af the lower is crammed full of all manner of curious pieces of equipment and mechanical contraptions There are spinning globes that crackle with the stahe charge of the stonm raping outside and glass-cased gauges, the needles within them quivering around the danger line. Thick bundles of copper wire descend from the topmost part of the windmill and connect all the various pieces of equipment toa tilted metal table on which rests one of the most bizarre and monstrous things you have ever seen. It is at least half the height again of a man and almost as broad across. It appears to be made from slabs of dead grey flesh crudely sewn together and yet, in places, mussing organic parts have been replaced with mechanical apparatus. Around its ugly head is a band of metal secured with anumber of unsubtle bolts, Standing next to a bank of steel levers is a tall man wearing a long, once-white lab-coat, his eyes hidden behind thick-lensed goggles. Cowering behind him is the hunchback. "Welcome," the tall man says, the excited tone of his voice suggesting bo you that he is totally unhinged. "You are here just in time to witness the creation of a new form of life!' Thunder rolls ominously across the sky and lightning flashes around the top of the windmill, as if having waited for the most dramatic moment to do so. Before you can do anything to stop him, the crazed scientist throws a lever just as lighting strikes the top of the tower itself. Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 120. 1f you are Unlucky, turn to 454 #73 in the presence of the Arch-Lycanthrope himself, you are unable to contain the beast within you any longer You give voice to an agonising howl as your body contorts - benes reshaping, muscles and internal organs realigning, the furry hide of the wolf ripping through your skin - until you are no longer human but instead utterly animal. Count Varcolac offers his hand and, rather than bite it, you lick it with your rough wolf's tongue paying your new master homage

=== SECTION 423 | PDF PAGE 157 ===

That's right,' he purrs, 'you are mine now, my pet.' Totally under the Count's contral you will join his pack and run with the other wolves, when the moon & full, preying on the weak. Your adventure is over lamiescmeccecn Gl -- @ -

=== SECTION 424 | PDF PAGE 158 ===

You sniff the liquid but can still find nothing to suggest that it is anything other than water and so you swallow a large mouthful. Starting in your stomach, a warm prickling sensation spreads throughout your body. You can feet it revitalising you as it spreads to Lips of your fingers and the very roots of the hair on your head. You have just drunk an Elixir of Life Restore your STAMINA, SKILL anid LUCK scores to their Initial levels! The elbar also does something te combat your steadily worsening |ycanthropy; reduce your CHANGE score by 2 points. Feeling reinvigorated and ready to face anything, you turn from the altar and start walking down the aisle. But rewards such as those that you have just received come at a price in the lair of one of the aristocracy of the night The first warning you have that anything is wrong is when a shuddering vibration fills the chapel, which puts painful pressure on your eardrums. The panes of the stained-glass windows rattling behind you, you turn to see the knight's window coming apart at its leaded seams - only now it shows the wamior, stand- ing over the body of the slain priest, sword bloodied You watch as the painted segments making up the knight pull free of the window and descend in front of you, maintaining the shape of the priest's murderer in the air in front of you. The corruption that has taken Toot within the Tower of Maun has desecrated even this once sanctified refuge. The knight's glass sword looks painfully sharp, as the chapel's guardian swings it about threateningly, determined not to let you escape alive GLASS KNIGHT SKILLQ STAMINA? If you are fighting the knight with a mace, when you win an Attack Round roll one dice. If you roll a 6, the entirety of the knight's glass bedy shatters under your blow, destroying it in one [elk swoop. If you win Ine battle you are able to exit the chapel without further obstructions, Add 1 to your ALARM score and turn to 7 #5 The priest's expression relaxes and he apens his eyes apain. "I sense only poodness and a time heart," he aays, smiling. He introduces himself as Corran, the guardian of the spring that was first brought forth from the ground by the blessed saint. 'And you are warthy to partake of its holy healing gift,' he says Corran leads you out of the warming room to a spiral stone staircase that winds down into the earth, leading you beneath Fenmeor. At the bottom, in a dreular stone-walled chamber lit by smoking wall sconces stands the well of Saint Crucius, Corran draws a bucket of clear water from the well and decants some into a golden chalice that stands at its lip. 'Here,' he says, offering you the cup, 'drink, and may the saint's blessings pour down upon you.' Reverently you accept the chalice and gulp down its content As soon as the liquid reaches your stomach, you grip your belly im agony, teeti clenched and tears streant- ing fom your eyes. The water that comes from

=== SECTION 425 | PDF PAGE 159 ===

The priest's expression relaxes and he apens his eyes apain. "I sense only poodness and a time heart," he aays, smiling. He introduces himself as Corran, the guardian of the spring that was first brought forth from the ground by the blessed saint. 'And you are warthy to partake of its holy healing gift,' he says Corran leads you out of the warming room to a spiral stone staircase that winds down into the earth, leading you beneath Fenmeor. At the bottom, in a dreular stone-walled chamber lit by smoking wall sconces stands the well of Saint Crucius, Corran draws a bucket of clear water from the well and decants some into a golden chalice that stands at its lip. 'Here,' he says, offering you the cup, 'drink, and may the saint's blessings pour down upon you.' Reverently you accept the chalice and gulp down its content As soon as the liquid reaches your stomach, you grip your belly im agony, teeti clenched and tears streant- ing fom your eyes. The water that comes from Crudus' well has been blessed by the saint, which rIEJ makes it holy water, and holy water is inimical to your kind. There is no escaping the fact that you are now well on your way to becoming a creature of the night Lose 2 sTAmmNa points.) Thankfully the knot of agony become aware of another feeling inside you. The eases and, as the overwhelming pain passes, you waters of the healing well have slowed the spread of the lycanthropic infection riddling your body. Roll ane dice, divide by 2 (rounding fractions up) and then add 1; this is how many points you should reduce YOUr CHANGE score by (but make a note that it cannot drop below 1). Regain 1 LUCK point boo. Corran fixes you with a suspicious Icok, 'I have never seen the blessed waters affect anyone in that way before,' he says. IE you have the codeword Nomed wriiten down on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 455. [f not, turn to 484

=== SECTION 426 | PDF PAGE 159 ===

Despite its massive size and ungainly bulk, the maggot is able to move surprisingly quickly The creatute is a truly horrific corruption of nature. How- ever, more horrifying than its grisly nature is the fact that the creature you are fighting was once the Abbot of the Black Monks, now changed beyond all recop- nition, That said, it is not the most cunning of killers and so shouldn't prove too much of a challenge to an accomplished warrior such as yourself MAGGOT SKILLG STAMINA 16 The maggot will attempt to bite you with its perpet- ually mashing mandibles. If it wounds you, moll one Le EEE dice. On a roll of 6, rather than bite you, the maggot will spit acidic slime at you, causing 3 STAMINA points damage. If you kill the Abbotabomination, turn to 114

=== SECTION 427 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Fiend,' you say, but the man's aim does not waver his eyes narrowing, in case you should try anything Roll two dice. If the total is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, turn to 123. If the total rolled is greater fur bo 50K

=== SECTION 428 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Opening the door, you enter Castle Wulfen's extensive library. Row after row of bookcases groan under the weight of innumerable dusty tomes. Within this great repository of knowledge, one book has been given pride of place, lying on a lectern carved to resemble a dragon. The book is bound in black leather and bears the title On the Conjuration and Banishment! of Demons The air around the book seems suffused with a grim malfeasance and you are sure it is colder at this spoL If you dare to open this forbidding book to see what aid it can offer you, turn to 100. If you would rather leave well enough alone, you vacate the library and take either the door that is now to your left (turn to 496), or the one directly ahead of you (turn to 310

=== SECTION 429 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Peering around the door jamb, and seeing no one outside in the corridor, you set off towards the stairs As you creep along the darkened corridor you pass 43° another door which stands slightly ajar, the room beyond lit by the soft yellow light of a puttezing candle. Perhaps this is the room that the mystery midnight wanderer vacated. Glancing through the open door you see an empty unmade bed, a rickely bedside table, on which stands the dripping candle and a large wooden chest against one wall. The room appears to be empty so will you enter and explore fur- ther (turn to 449) or will you continue after whoever it was who just left this chamber (turn to 224)?

=== SECTION 430 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

You while away a quarter of an hour watching the Puppetmaster af work. On the small stage of his booth a brave knight battles a despicable wizard, conquering his monstrous dragon te rescue a beautiful princess and free the kingdom from an evil enchantment. It is a4 traditional tale that has been told a thousand times over but you find this particular performance capti- Vating, almost as if you were under a spell yourself This is in part due to the lifelike qualities of the tiny Marionettes and their naturalistic movements. You have been amazed by the puppet show, but you have also been slightly unnerved by it. (Make sure that the codeword Eguaris is writen down on your Adventure Sheet.) Leaving an equally engrossed crowd still enjoy- ing the show, you move on through the fayre. Turn to 167. a

=== SECTION 431 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

You kick out with you feet to re turn to the languidly rippling surface but go nowhere. You can feel a vice- like grip around your ankle. Looking down through the murky water you see that your foot has become caught in the trap of a human ribcage lying among the tethering weeds. You kick out again, lungs fit to burst but sill canmot free yourself, You then take your sword to the skeletal snare but the more you hack at the ribcage, twisting and turning in the soupy green water, the more you become entangled in the pemu- cious water-weed yoursell. Eventually you can hold your breath no longer and, involuntarily gasping {for air, you suck in great lungfuls of foetid water. The Water-Wyrd may not have claimed you for its supper but the Drowning Pool has won itself another victim nonetheless. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 432 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

Keeping a watchful eye on the ichor-clouded water where the horror's body sank -just in case- you wade through the pool looking for anything else of value that mieht be lying forgotten beneath the surface And, incredibly, you do find several other treasures There is a Silver Mirror, an Ebon Wand, a Bloodstone Amulet and a Garnet Ring. (lf you decide to lake ant of these objects, add them to your Adventure Sheet Now you are ready to leave, but the abomination lurking in this place is not prepared to let you. All the while you have been searching its waterlogged lait the horror's unnatural physiology has begun to regenerate. You are about to start climbing the stone shaft when a slime-slick, regenerating teritacle coils out of the murky water and wraps itself around your ankle, pulling you back towards the centre of the pool Sword in hand you hack at the suckered pseudopod to free yourself REGENERATING TENTACLE skILL7 sTAMENA4 If you defeat the tentacle, you recommence scaling the pit-shaft before any more of the monster can fegenerate. Turn to 154

=== SECTION 433 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

The passageway opens out into a much larger, caver- nous space. A distinctive mammalian smell hangs in the still, moist air of the cave. Lying against a congre- gation of limestone stalagmites is the body of a wolf only now it is little more than a husk of skin and bones. Surely this can't be the Beast you are hunting It looks, and smells, like it has been lying hear for some time, all fluid having been drained from the carcass. Then you hear the skittering, scratching sound of something moving across the cave towards you. Creeping down the vertical wall of the cave is a huge spider. Its body alone is at least five feet in length, the spread of its legs more than double that As if the size of the monstrous arachnid were not horrendous enough, its head is some grotesque amalgam of wolf and spider, a long muzzle forced out of shape by huge mandibles. Making a sound that is halfway between a hiss and a growl, the mutated Giant Wolf Spider launches its attack GIANT WOLF SPIDER SKILL§ STAMINA7 If you slay the lupine arachnid, there is nothing for - you here so you have no other choice than to leave the - rocky chamber, Will you take 4, funnel with an obvious seam of black atone? Turn to 368 4, sandy-floored tunnel? Turn to 207 Asubterranean tunnel leading under one wall? Turn to 405 Amusky-smelling tunnel? Tarn tog

=== SECTION 434 | PDF PAGE 162 ===

If you slay the lupine arachnid, there is nothing for - you here so you have no other choice than to leave the - rocky chamber, Will you take 4, funnel with an obvious seam of black atone? Turn to 368 4, sandy-floored tunnel? Turn to 207 Asubterranean tunnel leading under one wall? Turn to 405 Amusky-smelling tunnel? Tarn tog Konrad is unable to hide his disappointment at your refusal. Well if that's how you feel,' he says obviously disgruntled, 'then you won't mind paying for that meal.' He rises abruptly and points at the bow! in front of you, before storming out of the inn. You fee! ! obliged to pay for the meal you have just consumed and, as dusk is already falling outside The Suckling - Pig, you decide to pay for a room for the night as well Deduct a total of 3 Gold Pieces from your Adventure Sheet You spend a fitful night sleeping an a lumpy, Lice ridden mattress in a cold room, keptawake by an eerie howling that echoes from somewhere beyond the © edge of the village, seemingly calling to something in your bleod. (Add 1 CHaNGE point.) You eventually fall asleep as dawn is breaking. When you wake you decent rest. Leaving Strigoiva, will you follow the discover itis already past noon, and you feel no better for having paid for what you had hoped would be a Toad to the north (turn to 16¢) or the east (tur to 478 COO or will you take the less well-travelled track into the forest, the scrubby outskirts of which lie a mile or so tothe north-east of the village (turn to 8)?

=== SECTION 435 | PDF PAGE 162 ===

In a small ante-room off the main staircase you come toa set of black-lacquered double doors. Above them is the same crest you saw on the floor of the entrance hall - a skull surmounted by a bat with wings outstretched. Your unfailing sixth sense tells you that you have found the lair of the Lady of Maun. Boldly you push open the doors, and find yourself at one end of a gloomy corridor, a second set of double doors stands at the other end. Roll one dice. If the number Tolled is less than or equal to your ALARM score, bum to.448. If the number rolled is greater than your ALARM score, Hum bo gy

=== SECTION 436 | PDF PAGE 162 ===

You spring forward and phinge your blade into the creature. The bp of your sword pierces its heart and Wolf-Were dies with a piteous howl. With appar- ently no regard for his own safety, the man runs over to the dead creature and, falling to his knees, cradles its misshapen head in his hands, 'What have you done?' the man screams, tears glistening in his eyes He was no threat to you! He did not know what he was doing. He was only acting on instinct, and now you have murdered him - my son! The man fixes you with a look of buming hatred and says quite clearly, 'T curse you in the name of Almor, Lord of Wolves, for the life you have taken.' Your skin suddenly feels like it's on fire and you claw at your clothes to try to stop the pain as something besha] claws at you from the inside - the wolf in you hungers for freedom. (Add 2 to your CHANGE score and lose 2 STAMINA points, as well as 1 Luck point.) Roll two dice. If the total is ETealer yOUI CHANGE score, you turn tail] and nin from this tragic scene, not stopping until you are well away from the estate (turn to 44), If the total is less than or equal to Your CHANGE score, turn to 457 #37 You plunge a hand into the icy water but even as you splash your face with it you can feel it burning. You stifle a cry of pain bul the burning sensation continues Lose 2 STAMINA points.) You look at your hand and see that the skin is twisted as if it has been plunged into boiling water. You imagine thal your face must look the same. None of the other villagers suffered in this way, but then you aren'l like other people any more. The stone bowl contains blessed holy water and, like it or not, you are slowly but surely becoming a creature of the night. Holy water is anathema to you! Lose 1 Luck point) The burning pain eventually passes but you have been permanently scarred. There is nothing you can do but hurry after the hunting party. Turn to 497

=== SECTION 437 | PDF PAGE 163 ===

You plunge a hand into the icy water but even as you splash your face with it you can feel it burning. You stifle a cry of pain bul the burning sensation continues Lose 2 STAMINA points.) You look at your hand and see that the skin is twisted as if it has been plunged into boiling water. You imagine thal your face must look the same. None of the other villagers suffered in this way, but then you aren'l like other people any more. The stone bowl contains blessed holy water and, like it or not, you are slowly but surely becoming a creature of the night. Holy water is anathema to you! Lose 1 Luck point) The burning pain eventually passes but you have been permanently scarred. There is nothing you can do but hurry after the hunting party. Turn to 497

=== SECTION 438 | PDF PAGE 163 ===

As you make your way along the barely perceptible track, spindly branched trees encroach further onto the path, until you are picking your way between distended knotty boles and half-protruding roots. The sun sinks, veiled behind heavy grey clouds and the dark silhouettes of trees. A carrion bird croake ' hoarsely into the dusk and then is ominously silent You wonder where you should make camp for the right, as the air is getting noticeably colder around you. In fact the chill feels more like what you would expect of a midwinter night. You take another step forward, your booted heel crunching on a thick layer of ground frost. Hearing a perceptible crackling in the air around you, you watch as feathery tendrils of ice spread across the trunks and naked skeletal branches of the gnarled trees, covering everything in a hoar frost. Icicles form on the ice-heavy boughs and your breath mists in clouds before your face. This sub-zero scene sparkles, glitters and glows under the ghostly luminescence of a moon near full. Some battle of the seasons is taking place at this spot but that is not the only change that is occurring at this moment Waite the number 103 on your Adventure Shee? and then turn to 20

=== SECTION 439 | PDF PAGE 163 ===

You are unaware of the presence of the two Black Monks lying in wait for you beyond the archway until itis too late. The hwo holy men leap out of the shadows with preternatural speed and seize you, holding you ina grip of iron that surprises you. Leaving you in the hands of his brother, ane of the monks produces a chalice from somewhere and brings it to you. 'You have been truly blessed,' he says. Qozing slime hangs in strings from the lip of the chalice. 'The Abbot has iz deemed you worthy of an audience and offers you this sacrament. Take the cup, and drink.' There is nothing you can do as, between the bvo of them, the Black Monks force your mouth open and empty the nauseous contents of the chalice into your mouth Spluttering and gasping for air you cannot help but swallow a mouthful of the revolting stuff. Roll two dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal to you curtent CHANGE score,turn to gg7. If itis greater, turn to 474

=== SECTION 440 | PDF PAGE 164 ===

As the last of the wolves torns tail and Hees, you follow Ulrich as he strides up to the iron-bound oak doar of the cottage, the wood gouged to splinters by savage claw marks. "Grandmother! he calls. 'Tt is Ulich witha friend in need of your help.' A tiny hatch 'inthe middle of the door slides open and bwo cataract bluzred eyes peer cut before the hatch is shut fast again, There is the grate of bolts being pulled back and then finally the door opens, A hunched figure ushers you both into the warm glow, muttering something about "Damned wolves' before slamming the door shutagain and throwing back the bolts Peering out from under a woollen shawl, the old crone looks you up and down, blinking myopically. She has a hooked nose and chin, and looks avery part the witch, with a chain of silver charms hanging round her neck. 'So, it's you who needs my help, is it?' Grandmother Zekova asks. You listen in nervous anticipation as UJrich tells the old wisewoman what ML __-<-<-<---_<_-_ |i <8. = has happened. You expect her to cry out in horror and Tun screaming from the cottage at any moment, but the old woman appears to take in what Ulrich is telling her with earnest concentrabon. When he is done she turns to you. Without saying a word she starts to prod and poke, looking in your eyes and getting you to stick out your tongue. She also takes a look at your wolf-bite Lycanthropy is a terrible and crippling curse,' she says at last, 'but you are fortunale to have met fustworthy Ulrich this night, and that he had the foresight to bring you to me. The disease will still just be taking hold, so if we act fast we might yet be able to counteract the effects of the werewollf's saliva-venom I can give you a potion brewed from the belladonna plant, which will help, but, with your consent, [would like to bleed you first so that the potion might have a faster, nore potent, effect.' Will you let the wisewoman bleed you before administering her potion (burn te 335}, or will you Tefuse and simply take the potien without bemg bled first (turn to 358)?

=== SECTION 441 | PDF PAGE 164 ===

Approaching Count Varcolac's throne you kneel before him, keeping a watchful eye on the hnge Wolves that, in turn, keep a wary, jaundiced eye on you. The Count extends his signet ring so that you might kiss it and, maintaining the pretence for as long as you dare, yau touch your lips to the warm gold That's right, my pet," Varcolac growls. 'Now, reveal <a co your true form to me!' At his comumand, agonising Pains seize every muscle of your bedy. Roll three dice If the total rolled is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, Cum to 423. [fit is greater, turn to 247

=== SECTION 442 | PDF PAGE 165 ===

Before you reach the end of the twisting tunnel you make out sparkling light coming from the chamber that lies at its end. You emerge from the passageway behind a large stalagmite and enter a cave lit by glittering crystals set into the dark limestone walls This strange luminescence sparkles from myriad webs strung across the chamber - almost like curtains and drapes - making the webs lock like they have been spun from pure silver. The light also reflects from genuine treasures. Gold pieces lie scattered on the floor of the chamber, along with other, less valuable objects; battered helmets, rusty swords and axes rotten backpacks and gnawed pieces of leather armour Then you hear the voice: it is that of a woman, but strained with anxiety and with a hissing impediment Where is it?' the voice is saying, "Who's taken it? Where's my fine sharpness, my glittering silverness? Who has it? Where is it?' the woman repeats over and over Rounding the edge of the stalagmite you gasp in amazement and horror at what you see before you Covering the far end of the crystal-lit cave is the most intricate, most beautifully woven, and largest web you have ever seen. It is decorated with strings of pearls and precious stones, but amid all this ostentatious wealth squats one of the most hideous things you have ever seen. At first glance it appears to have all the proportions of a epider only ona colossal scale, At second glance, however, you see that it 3 much worse than that. The monstrous arachnid body appears to have grown from that of a human woman From the waist dewm the abdomen of ihe monster isa swollen, hairy black pulsaling sac ending in silk- oozing spinnerets. From the waist up, however, the creature looks more human except that she has a total of six arms and two Jegs which, although they begin as human, become the long, bony black limbs of the spider, ending in cruelly barbed chitinous claws. Her matted hair is short and spiked, ke spider fur, and her possibly once beautiful face has been warped by yet more arachnid attributes, An additional six eyes have formed on her forehead above her human eyes looking like ripe black blisters, and her mouth has been stretched impossibly wide by the protrusion of huge spider fangs, each as long as your sword arm Lying on the sandy floor of the cavern are the desiccated bodies of adventurers - dwarfs as well as humans - sucked dry of all bodily fluids. And then the grossly mutated spider-woman sees you Ah, the thief returns to the scene of the crime!' she hisses. 'Wasit you? Did you take it, my precious sharp- ness?" [f you have the codeword Snilbog recorded on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 2. If not, hurn te 219g

=== SECTION 443 | PDF PAGE 166 ===

At your final, killing stroke, the body of the spectral creature unravels, dissolving back into mist with one final, soul-rending howl. But as their pack leader departs the Earthly Plane, so too do the other phantom features of the Howling. The last of the wolf-ghosts nottung but tendrils of nightmist, the dreadful wailing ceases, For a moment the villagers look around in stupefied silence and then, as they realise what you have done for them, a cheer goes up from the hunters. You have banished the Howling and saved the people of Stigoiva from their torment Regain 1 LUCK point You spend the rest of the night making merry with the elated villagers back at The Suckling Pig. Eventually, as dawn is breaking, you stumble off to bed in one of the inn's puest-rooms, the use of which you have been given for free with the Strigoivians' thanks, When you wake again, from a thankfully nightmare-free sleep you discover that it is already well past noon, You feel much better for the rest and buck into a brace of wood Pigeon cooked for you by the landlord's wife. (Regain 4 STAMINA points.) But a great feeling of unease still hangs over you. Your personal quest demands that you move on from Strigoiva again. Leaving the village and its grateful populace, you can either follow the toad where it divides, to the north (turn to 260) or the east (turn to 478), or you take the less well-travelled track into the forest that lies a mile or eo to the north- east of Strigaiva (turn to 8)? ESS

=== SECTION 444 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

Al first you Lhink you are winning, then you misjudge the best route to take to avoid a boulder on the road m front af you. One of the carriage wheels hits the rock sending the stagecoach veering off the road. With whinnying shrieks of terror, the horses are pulled over the edge of the gorge as the coach topples past the point of no rebar, and down the side of the cliff, taking you and Katya with them. Your adventure ends her your badies smashed on the jageed rocks far below

=== SECTION 445 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

Who will face the challenge of the Cage?' a bald- headed strongman dressed in a leopard-skin leotard and sporting a fine moustache calls to the crowd from a roughly erected stage. "Tame the savage Grendel and 10 Gold Pieces could be yours! Standing behind him, belore a painted backdrop, 15 a large cage. Inside it is the beast he speaks of. It is af least a head taller than the strongman and as broad across the shoulders as a gorilla, Its arms are as Unick as ship's cables corded wilh muscle, and end in cJub-like fists. 'The crealure's skin is green and pilted, its face suggestive of a primitive ogre bloodline. As you are considering taking up the challenge you see that a thickset bearded man - whom you take for a blacksmith - is being led away from the stage holding a hand to his bloaclied and broken nose. The aim of the game is to enter the Cage unarmed and subdue this Grendel. If you wan to take up the challenge it will cosl you 2 Gold Pieces (barn to 458). LE you would rather leave il to sume olher mug to tame the beast,turn to 167 inn ----- You inevilably crush any number of puffballs and mushrooms beneath your feet, the fungi releasing clouds of spores inlo the damp air. As you could have predicted, the spores irritate your airways and lungs You burst through the door on the other side and collapse in the corridor beyond, your body convulsed by hacking coughs. (Lose 3 STAMINA points and add 1 lo your CHANGE score.) Turn to 492

=== SECTION 446 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

You misjudge your mings and suffer the consequen- ces as the heavy swinging blade slices into you. Roll one dice and add 2: this is the total number of STAMINA points you must lose. Lf you survive such a terrible injury, you collapse on the floor of the cormdor on the other side af Lhe pendulum blade (turn to 208

=== SECTION 447 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

You misjudge your mings and suffer the consequen- ces as the heavy swinging blade slices into you. Roll one dice and add 2: this is the total number of STAMINA points you must lose. Lf you survive such a terrible injury, you collapse on the floor of the cormdor on the other side af Lhe pendulum blade (turn to 208

=== SECTION 448 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

AS soon as you enter the corridor, the doors slam shut behind you and something begins to manifest. Some unholy phantasm is clothing itself in shadows, taking on a threatening form. Your actions within the Tower Maun have alerted the Lady to your presence and your arrival has been anbcipated. The necromancer hat is the power in this place has brough! forth entities that normally dwell on the Spirit Plane, until a practitioner of the Dark Arts summens them lo the earihly realm. Trailing smoky tendrils, the faceless shadow-bom creatures circle you, ready to rake your flesh with claws formed of impenetrable darkness. Il you have the codeword Nethcir recorded on your Adventure Sheet, tam to 463. If not, you have no choice but to take up your weapon and defend yourself. In the narrow confines of the corridor, ight the shadow- bom one at a time SKILL STAMINA First TENEBRAEB 7 7 Second TENEBRAE 7 6 Third TENEBRAE 8 7 Fortunately cold steel is just as effective against the Tenebrae as silver or magic. If you manage to defeal these creatures of darkness, turn to 477

=== SECTION 449 | PDF PAGE 168 ===

Adventure Sheet, tam to 463. If not, you have no choice but to take up your weapon and defend yourself. In the narrow confines of the corridor, ight the shadow- bom one at a time SKILL STAMINA First TENEBRAEB 7 7 Second TENEBRAE 7 6 Third TENEBRAE 8 7 Fortunately cold steel is just as effective against the Tenebrae as silver or magic. If you manage to defeal these creatures of darkness, turn to 477 A floorboard creaks ominously under your foot as you enter the room and you step swiftly inside. Shutting the door, you make your search undisturbed. There is nothing unusual about the bed or the small table next to it, but the chest is another matter altogether. Inside you find a number of folded dresses, which leads yau to believe that you are actually inside the bedchamber of the landlord's daughter. Underneath the dresses you find a strange collection of objects that includes buncles of herbs, dried powders in small glass bottles SSS eee eee _--O and a book covered in unsettling symbols. You decide to leave these well alone, as their connection to the Practice of witchcraft is obvious. However, you also find a bundle of letters, tied up with pink mbbon. A quick glance at these reveals that they are love letters written and signed by 'Meg' to someone simply referred to as 'My love' or "My fine gentleman'. This ts a curious mix of possessions to find in a barmaid's bedroom. Right at the bottom of the chest you find an omately carved wooden box secured with a brass lock. There is no key but you think you could force the box open with your swerd. Do you want to force the lock (har to 481), or will you leave the room and continue in your pursuit of the person who you now suspect is in fact Meg the landlord's daughter (turn to 226)?

=== SECTION 450 | PDF PAGE 168 ===

Pistol in hand you take aim and fire. Divide your SKILL score by 4, rounding fractions down: this is the num- ber of times you may fire the piste] before the Varcolac Werewolf will be on top of you, providing you have enough bullets loaded in the pistol. There is no time to Teload now, given your dire predicament! Test your Skit as you would normally to resolye whether your shots hit the werewolf. Conventional lead bullets causes the creature 2 points of stamina damape each Silver bullets, however, will each cause 3 STAMINA points of damage. When you come to fight the Arch- Lycanthrope in hand-to-hand combat, alter the Were- wolf's STAMINA score according to how many times you wound him with your pistol shots. Turn to 150 aaa

=== SECTION 451 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

Then you have heard of my studies concerning the powers of darkness and want my help,' the man says ina musing tone. 'Well, [ am sorry to disappoint you bul the services of Vereticus the Scholar are no longer for hire; J have my own work now that takes up all my time. | suggest you leave by the same way that you entered my estate.' Will you leave as Vereticus requests (turn to 46) or will you make the mast of the opportunity and do away with the vicious Wolf-Were and (hur bo 436)?

=== SECTION 452 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

Inserting the key in the hole, you burn il wntil you hear a ratchetting click. With a sudden lurch the automaton lakes a step towards you, and without hesitation tries to strike you with its crushing gauntlet-hard hands You have no choice but to take up your own weapon to defend yourself CLOCKWORK AUTOMATON smILLg STAMINA As it was the key that activated the Automaton, per- haps removing it would shut down your dockwork attacker again. If you want to try to knock out the key you must fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 2 point. However, if you win two consecutive Attack Rounds, fighting in this way, turn to 317. you - defeat the automaton, leaving its exquisite bodywork battered and broken on the floor of the workroom you quit and re turn to the junction, from there you take the door which is now ahead of you (Gum to 426}, of alternatively, the one that is now to your night (tum bo 496 ! --

=== SECTION 453 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

The veteran hunter curses as you strike al him and ducks out of your way. Cries go up from the others in the hall and you hear a terrible sound which makes your blood curdle - something like a cross between the roar of a bear and the howl of a wolf. You turn in horror to see what is happening lo Burgomasier Straub. turn to 62

=== SECTION 454 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

Lightning streaks down inside the building via the network of wires and cables, stray sparks flying in all directions, lighting the space with their wild, electric- blue brilliance. One of these jagged bolts strikes you and hurls you backwards into a bank of humming machinery. (Lose 4 stamina points. For as long as you remain in the windmill you must reduce your SKILL by 1 point as well.) Something is moving with jerky spasms at the centre of the chamber amid the blaze of white storm-Light. Picking yourself up you prepare to face the worst you can imagine, made brutally real Turn to 220

=== SECTION 455 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

I sense that your mission to rid the land of evil is a personal quest for retribution or an act of repentance,' the priest says. 'And having seen you put an end to Shuck where others, including myself could not, I can tell that you are a hero on whom the gods are smiling. For that reason I wish to bequeath you some- thing to aid you in your quest.' Corran leads you back up through the shrine to the altar to Saint Crucius, He takes up the cross that stands there and places it mto your hands. "Take this," he says, 'and may it guard you as well in your quest as it has protected this shrine these many years." Add the Silver Cross to your Equipment List and turn to 484

=== SECTION 456 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

You decide that you can work more effectively with- out others around you - making a lot of noise and scaring your would-be prey away - and set off alone without further delay. Gnce outside the town you scout the surrounding landscape, brying to work out where a monster like the Beast of Vargenhof would have its lair. Directly beyond the perimeter of the town lie the pastures, paddocks and pine forests wWhece the monster's aHacks have been centred, but to your mind these places are its hunting grounds and not its home. South of Vargenhof lie the blasted heaths, where you doubt any creature would look lor shelter. That leaves the wooded hills ic the east of the town and the craggy peaks that form the foothills of Orsov Mountains to the north. Where will you look for the Beast? In the eastern hills? Turn to 28 In the crags to the north? Turn to 330

=== SECTION 457 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

You manage to drive the lunatic back out of the cottage Ulrich slams the door shut again, bolting it securely once more. The wolves how] mournfully at the moon, the sound retreating as the lunatic leads them back into the forest. The woodsman and wise- woman stare at you primly. "The lycanthropy is still within you,' Grandmother Zekova says. "You are not cured. Tell me again about the creahure that attacked you.' If you have a Signet Ring, furn to 369. If not, tam to 326

=== SECTION 458 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

A young woman takes your backpack and sword-belt from you, once you have handed over your 2 Gold Pieces, anc then, taking a deep breath to steady your nerves, you enter the Cage, The Grendel-ogre goes for you immediately. You are not tying to kill your opponent in this contest your aim is merely to subdue the beast. To do this you need to win two Attack Rounds in a row. Roll for Attack Strengths as normal reducing yours by 1 as you are not using your sword but do not remove sraMIna points for damage sus- tained, merely keep track of who has won the round GRENDEL SKIEL & If you win two consecutive Attack Rounds first, turn to 270. LE Grendel wins fwo consecutive Attack Rounds before you, fur to 488

=== SECTION 459 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

At your killing blow, the demon dissolves into a sul- phurous black cloud again, leaving you free to study the baok to which it had been bound. On page 216 you find a ritual to banish demons. It involves marking outa pentacle-a five-pointed star-wsing consecrated artefacts. Who knows when such information might Omgi= 5" Mage ae) oe = ALT per a. as : a re) Pihe Mees Mts <<. lg AW A See eee YY ay paca yl Zo Mi? come in useful? With this knowledge safely stored away, you leave the library beforeitsuffers any further - demonic visitations. Re turning to the junction, will you take the door now to your left (fum to 496), or pass through the one directly ahead of you (bum to 310}?

=== SECTION 460 | PDF PAGE 171 ===

Two forlorn-looking scarecraws watch over the failed crop, sung up on poles like condemned men on the gallows. Wading your way between the rotten stalls of wheat, you see how badly the corruption has set in here. The whole crop is blighted. You are not far from the perimeter of the fanmyard when you hear a swishing sound in the sodden stems around you and gumpse shadowy movement. Something has changed - the two scarecrows are missing from their posts With a shrill banshee-wail the two slraw men burst out of the mouldering crop in front of you. With claws made from sharp splinters, the Scarecrows attack you leaping and capering with jerky, insect-like move- ments. Fight them both at the same time SKILL STAMINA First SCARECROW 7 5 Second SCARECROW 6 5 Their bodies stuffed with hay, your bizarre assailants shouldn't cause you too much trouble, Once you have hacked their cobbled-together bodies to pieces, bum to 420. _ eh OO OOO GG Watching where you put your feet, you take your first steps into the fungus-Alled room. Test your Skiff three times. If you fail any of the tests,turn to 446. If you pass every single one, turn to 475-

=== SECTION 461 | PDF PAGE 171 ===

Two forlorn-looking scarecraws watch over the failed crop, sung up on poles like condemned men on the gallows. Wading your way between the rotten stalls of wheat, you see how badly the corruption has set in here. The whole crop is blighted. You are not far from the perimeter of the fanmyard when you hear a swishing sound in the sodden stems around you and gumpse shadowy movement. Something has changed - the two scarecrows are missing from their posts With a shrill banshee-wail the two slraw men burst out of the mouldering crop in front of you. With claws made from sharp splinters, the Scarecrows attack you leaping and capering with jerky, insect-like move- ments. Fight them both at the same time SKILL STAMINA First SCARECROW 7 5 Second SCARECROW 6 5 Their bodies stuffed with hay, your bizarre assailants shouldn't cause you too much trouble, Once you have hacked their cobbled-together bodies to pieces, bum to 420. _ eh

=== SECTION 462 | PDF PAGE 172 ===

Standing your ground you unsheathe your sword teady to face the approaching rider The phantom reins in his wild steed with a shout of, 'Whoa there Barushka!' The greenly glowing apparition trots the last few paces before coming to a halt directly in front of you. The headless rider drops the reins and reaches under its cloak with both gloved hands. When it withdraws the right one again you see that it is now holding a cocked flintlock pistol. In its left hand it is hoiding a man's head by the hair. The eyes in the head fix you with a needling stare, while a cruel smile spreads across its lips. 'Stand and deliver!' the head declares. "Your money and your life!' And with that the ghostly highwayman pulls the trigger. Test fhe Skiff of the Headless Highwayman, who has a SKILL of 8. If he passes the test, turn to 37q. [f he fails, his shot misses you; turn bo 502-

=== SECTION 463 | PDF PAGE 172 ===

The Tenebrae are creatures born of darkness and so their greatest wealcness is light. Quickly, light your lantern!' If you have a lantern, and can use it (the Night Creature specia] ability will not work as a substitute here), you must spend one Attack Round lighting it during which time you will be vulnerable to attack LE However, if you accomplish the task, when you do come to fight the Tenebrae they will be repulsed and weakened by the light. (Reduce all of the creatures' SKILL scores by 1 point and their STAMINA scores by 2 points.) Now re turn to 448 and face your foes

=== SECTION 464 | PDF PAGE 172 ===

The werewolf's flesh sizzles and bums at the touch of the silver, cruel wounds opening all over its corpse - butit is not enough. Under the influence of the dernon possessing it, the Arch-Lycanthrope rises again. Snar- ling with unrestrained infernal rage the Wolf Demon attacks. (For every Silver Dagger you have been able to use, pou may reduce the demon's STAMINA score by 2 points before resolving this battle WOLF DEMON SKILL10 STAMINA 14 If you manage to overcome the Varcolac-demon, and you haye the codeword Deliuged recorded on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 21. 1f not, turn to 515

=== SECTION 465 | PDF PAGE 172 ===

The whetted edge of your blade rings as it slides from its scabbard. It only takes a split second for your midnight-black challenger to react, There is another sharp Crack! as the man fires the pistol held in his outstretched hand. Tesé tie Still of the Vampire Hunter who has a SKILL score of 10. If he passes the test successfully, bum to 376. Ifhe fails, he misses you, turn fo 398

=== SECTION 466 | PDF PAGE 173 ===

The cold earth is your bed, the chili night air your blanket. Despite such unpleasant conditions, weari- ness forces sleep upon you. You wake feeling some- thing tugging at your leg and come to with a start Kicking Free, you provoke whatever it is that was pawing at you to snarl in defiance. You And yourself staring into the cold yellow eyes of a mangy cur, a hunting dog, but one that is barely more than skin and bone, and rotting flesh. The Ghoul Hound should be dead, but these moors refuse to let sleeping dogs lie You pull your sword from its scabbard as the snarling undead dog bounds towards you GHOULHOUND SKILL 7 STAMINA6 If the hound wounds you more than 3 times, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you defeat the dog, as far as you are concerned moming cannot come soon enough And when il does you are eager to be an your way again. Turn to 69

=== SECTION 467 | PDF PAGE 173 ===

As soon as you turn your back on the old wornan, and hear her muttering the words of another incantation you realise that you should never have trusted a witch. Before you can do anything else to defend yourself, you feel the change you have been dreading come over you, freeing the wolf inside you from its fleshy prison. Howling in pain and frustrahon, your clothes and possessions falling from your new lupine form, you Tun from the witch's kitchen on all fours out of the castle and into the night, in search of a pack to call your own. Your adventure is over 4 RK. WN 7s: | q

=== SECTION 468 | PDF PAGE 173 ===

Somehow you find the words to compliment Mistress Bauer on her 'handsome' son. You tolerate the pair's anecdotes about their babe-in-arms and bide your time beside the fire, you and the Changeling eyeing each other warily. Tesf your Luck. If you are Lucky, bum to 137. If you are Unlucky, turn to 27a

=== SECTION 469 | PDF PAGE 173 ===

The Quickening - Your reflexes have become sharper your reaction times faster, and you are now as agile as a wolf. Add 1 more point to your Initia as well as your current SkILL score. Record the Quickening on your Adventure Sheet and turn to the paragraph with the same number as the one you were last instructed to write down

=== SECTION 470 | PDF PAGE 173 ===

To the uproarious cheers of the crowd you force the beast into a headlock and, with the ring of a bell are declared the winner. Reluctantly the strongman hands over vour winnings (a bag containing 10 Gald Pieces and his assistant relurns your other possessions. As you leave ihe stage the strongman tells the crowd thal Cage is closed for business for the rest of the day ioa chorus of light-hearted boos. Turn to 167

=== SECTION 471 | PDF PAGE 174 ===

Watching the rhythmically swinging blade, you step inte the corridor, Tes! your Luck. Ifyou are Lucky, turn te 42. If you are Unlucky, turn to 110

=== SECTION 472 | PDF PAGE 174 ===

The door to the house is suddenly flung open, a middle-aged man slanding in the doorway, wearing scholarly robes and with a neatly bimmed poater beard. He commands the creature to be still andl, to your amazement, the Welf-Were breaks off its attack and takes a slouching step away from you. 'What du you think vou are doing here, trespassing on my land?' the man demands. Flow will you answer hun? Wall you Say thal you are on a quest to nid the land of evil? Turn ic 451 Tell him the truth that you are seekine a cure for your lycanthropy? Turn lo 403 Or will you seize the moment and finish Wolf-Were? Turn ta 436

=== SECTION 473 | PDF PAGE 174 ===

Ulrich leads you back to the spat where you were first attacked, From there it is not hard io pick up the trail left by the wolves as they made iheir flight. By the flickering yellow light of your laniern - and thanks io Ulrich's knowledge of these oppressive woods - the two af you follow the animals' tracks deeper and deeper into the forest. The trail you find yourself following leads you a merry dance indeed, and on mere than one occasion you find yourselves doubling back along paths you have already taken. And then the eerie howling reaches your ears again, deaclened by a mist that is rising from the darkened hollows bebween the trees. You quicken your pace, determined to catch up with the Black Wolf and its kin before they can escape you again You crest a rise and suddenly find yourselves looking down on a stone-built thatch-roafed cattage nesled between the looming trees at the botiom of a slope OXN ¥ OO , 7, Vs) Va By the cold, silver moonlight you can see the wolves circling the cottage, but from the snarling of the animals, and the scraping of claws on wood, if sounds very much like the creatures are trying to force their way into the catage. 'By the spirits!' Uirich suddenly exclaims, 'Grandmother! Grandmother #ekova!' And then he is rushing down the slope ready to meet the wolf pack with his axe, You cannot let him ight this battle alone and so, despite your weariness, you sprint after him, sword drawn. You will fight the Wolf Pack as if it were one creature, Every Attack Round, as well as rolling for your Attack Strength, also roll for Ulrich's (he has a stat score of 8). During an Attack Round, if his Attack Strength is higher than that of the wolves, then he also delivers wounds totalling 2 STAMINA paints to their total score WOLF PACK SKILL"? STAMINA 14 Keep a careful note of how many Attack Rounds the battle lasts, If you reduce the pack's STAMINA score to zero, it means hat you have driven them off. LE you Ulrich manage this in seven Attack Rounds or less, tuum to 440. If it takes you eight AHack Rounds or more Lo win the battle,turn to 486 Lf ae Lge "' Gan a Fe ale ik ede €74-475

=== SECTION 474 | PDF PAGE 175 ===

Your entire physical being riles at the presence of the puttescent slime in your stomach and you yomit violently (lose 2 sTamuna points and add 1 CHANGE point), the monks releasing their steely grip on you Prained as you might be, there is no time to rest and recuperate. Without 4 moment's respite, the monks are on you apain. As they leap to attack, the monks' tobes fall open to reveal monstrous insectoid muta- tons. With a sharp intake of breath you see that the head of the firstis halfway between that of a cockroach and a man. As the mandibled monk hisses at you malformed jaws snapping, the second reaches for you from within the voluminous sleeves of his habit. The sleeves fall back to reveal mantis-like claws where the monk's arms should be. You have no choice but to fight the Black Monks at the same time SKILL STAMINA MANDIBLED MONK 7 7 MANTIS MONK 8 6 If you manage to defeat both the mutated monks, turn Eo 262

=== SECTION 475 | PDF PAGE 175 ===

Unbelievably, you make your way between the bloated, bruise-coloured fungi without causing any of them to release their 'spores. Regain 1 LUCK point Opening the second door you enter another stone- walled corridor. Turn to q9z

=== SECTION 476 | PDF PAGE 176 ===

Your head thumping as if your skull is fit to burst you regain groggy consciousness to find yourself manacled to a bank of arcane, mechanical equipment within what can only be described as a mad scientist's laboratory, which you judge to be located at the top of the windmill. Bundles of copper cabling descend from the criss-crossed rafters above you, connecting all the pieces of eguipment in the lab to a tilted metal table on which rests one of the most bizarre and monstrous things you have ever seen. It is at least half the height apain of a man and almost as broad across, made from slabs of dead prey flesh as well as gleaming mechanical components. Around its ugly head is a band of metal secured in place with a number of unsubUe bolts Standing next to a bank of steel levers is a tall man wearing a long, once-white lab coat, his eyes hidden behind thick-lensed goggles. And cowering belund him is the hunchbacked Igor. 'Welcome,' the tall man says, his excited tone of voice suggesting 10 you thal he is mentally unhinged. "You are here just in time lo witness the creation of a new form of life!' Thunder rolls ominously across the sky and lightning hits the top of the tower, as if it had been waiting for the most dramatic moment te strike. Test your Luck. IF you are Lucky, turn to 303. If you are Unlucky,turn to 495

=== SECTION 477 | PDF PAGE 176 ===

You know that you cannot sk tarrying here any longer. Running to the other end of the corridor, you fling open the doors there and burst into the room beyond. You find yourself in a grand, high-ceilinged chamber, omately decorated with heavy velvet drapes of black and red, its ceiling painted with a zodiacal map of the heavens. The windows of the chamber are covered by the heavy hanging drapes. At your abrupt arrival, a striking, platinum-haired woman, dressed in crimson and black, her skin as white as ivory, rises from a high-backed wooden chair. At her side stands 4 gaunt-faced man, dressed in the apparel of a servant and with a feral look about him. Fora fleeting moment the noblewoman looks startled but this expression is soon replaced by a look of arrogant superiority, and a sinister smile forms on her rose-red lips. 'Ah, look Gustav, we have company,' she says, addressing her servant. She rises and moves gracefully across the room towards you, her movements 50 fluid that you could almost believe she were gliding across the floor a few inches above it, her feet never actually touching the polished marble tiles. You are captivated by her beauty and find yourself transfixed by her piercing cold-eyed stare. If you have the codeword Nethcir recorded on your Adventure Sheet,turn to 494 immedi- ately, If not, roll two dice, subtracting 2 fram the total if you have the codeword Dehctaw written down on your Adventure Sheet. If the final total is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, turn to 10; if it is greater farn lo 52 euler ge sage AON CUM. ARH ANGE all ie a I. ey 1 ay 4 NE (a s > NUE WY). ie0s: \ Ne Je Aes LAS oe | 44 Biri Vz r ») a 7 9) is Wil Wi | (aa | i ¥ ip Hy; eee ee es poe ea oe ae eee Bsr i |} ee ZMy : + : a AA 2 ( -- ae § sare 27 (1 I SNE .t™' @ @ i_i_i"m"-_ -=-S-S<("CSséai'i'i'i'i'i'i'i'"a"i"i"i-i<"i<-i<"i<"i"i<-i-i

=== SECTION 478 | PDF PAGE 177 ===

Taking the well-trodden road east out of Strigoiva you continue under a leaden sky, wary of any potential dangers on the mad in this mysterious and sinister land. As the sun sinks Eowards the horizon behind the steadily darkening cloud cover, you start to think about finding somewhere to sleep for the night. To the north, some miles from the road, you can see the for- bidding silhouetted tree line of an expanse of forest but just off the road to the south, beyond untended fields running riot with porse and thistle, siands the remains of a gamekeeper's cottage. Ali thal is left now is the tumbledown muin of the chimney and fireplace and one sheltering wall. You decide that this would make an ideal place to camp for the night. On reaching the ruined cottage you set a fire in the smoke- blackened hearth to keep the chill of the night al bay Having eaten (cross off 1 Meal of Provisions) you sciile down to sleep, pulling your travelling cloak fight about you You are just drifting off to sleep, the night breeze sighing through the leafless boughs of a copse, when you hear the sharp Crack! of a dry Ewig snapping underfoot. You are on your {cet in a moment, A shadow detaches itself from the enveloping darkness and takes a step closer towards you. By the duli red glow of the dying embers of your fire you study Lhe imposing figure standing at the threshold to Lhe cottage. It is a man dressed from head bo foot in black His coat is long, the leather durable, he wears heavy leather gloves and sturdy ieather boots, and on his head is a tall, wide-brimmed hat, on which shines a silver buckle that holds a scarlet ribbon in place. Only the steely orbs of his eyes are visible beneath the brim of the hat, the rest of his face being covered by a red scar!. Ember-giow reflects from the polished barrel of a flintlock pistol that the man has aimed at you, From a sword-belt at his waist hangs a pleaming rapier blade. 'Do not move!' he commands, his voice as cold as steel. 'Are you friend or foe?' How will you react to this challenge? Will you unsheathe your own sword (turn to 465) or will you hold your hands up above your head in a gesture of non-agpression (tun to 427)?

=== SECTION 479 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

Wiule using the Silver Dagger in your battle with the Arch-Lycanthrope you must reduce your Altack Strength by 1 point, as usual, bul wounds delivered with it will cause the Werewolf 3 STAMINA points of damage. Also, if you are using a Silver Dagger that you found hidden somewhere within Castle Wulfen you may reduce Varcolac's SKILL score by 1 point for the duration of the battle. Now him to 150

=== SECTION 480 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

And then a brief window of opportunily presents itself and you seize it with both hands. Plunging your blade downwards, you slice through the lethers securing the horses to their traces. Leaping onto lhe back of the horse next to Katya's, with a "Yaah!' you set the untethered steeds galloping free of the carriage Glancing back over your shoulder, as the horses pull away, you watch with deep satisfaction as the stape- coach veers off the edge of the road, the Werebecast raging in vain atop it. Down, down, down it plunges into [he paping void of Garou Gorge. You have put an end to the Beast of Vargenho at last: regain 2 Luck Points. Unfortunately, you feel no different within yourself. The Werebeast could not have been the Arch- Lycanthrope you seek. Free of the threat of the mon- ster al last, you and Katya ride on, further into the Mountains lowards Wulfenstcin, in hope of finding your frue quarry at last. Make a note of the number goon your Adventure Sheet and then turn to zo aia You manage to prise the box open and find that ii is lined with red velvet. Lying within a shaped hollow is Flintlock Pisiol. Ii is an exquisite piece but it is unloaded, and you cannot find any bullets for it in its case, {Tf you want to find out more about how to use Flintlock Pistol, make a note of the paragraph you are on at the (ime and turn to paragraph goo You are about lo leave the room when you notice something marked out in red chalk underneath the bed. Moving the bed aside you see an esoteric star and circle symbol! drawn on the floorboards, with other smaller runic marks at the apex of each star-point, You are not sure whether it is a warding sign, to guard agains! the evil eye, or a wifch-mark intended to altract evil. Feeling increasingly uneasy you leave the room. Turn to 226

=== SECTION 481 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

SSS li LL = qiz As you reach inlo the pit several Leechworms latch onto your exposed skin, cutting your flesh open with tings of razor-sharp teeth, before engorping Lhem- selves on your blood. Roll one dice and lose that many STAMINA points. If you survive the attentions of the hungry Leechworms, when they have eaten their Gli they release their grip and drop back into the pat. It is only then that you realise the hilt you risked your health to recover is attached to a worthless, nisted blade. Casting the corroded dagger back into the pil you stonm back down the corridor nursing your wounds. Turn to 181

=== SECTION 482 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

As you reach inlo the pit several Leechworms latch onto your exposed skin, cutting your flesh open with tings of razor-sharp teeth, before engorping Lhem- selves on your blood. Roll one dice and lose that many STAMINA points. If you survive the attentions of the hungry Leechworms, when they have eaten their Gli they release their grip and drop back into the pat. It is only then that you realise the hilt you risked your health to recover is attached to a worthless, nisted blade. Casting the corroded dagger back into the pil you stonm back down the corridor nursing your wounds. Turn to 181

=== SECTION 483 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

Turning from the derelict farm, you set off for the town again through the rain. You have not gone far when you hear a slashing and a splashing behind you Tuming, you see three large creatures palloping down the mud-slick track towards you. At first, fom their Proportions and their vicious, sabre-like husks, you would have taken them for wild boar. But their warty liar > 4 Ko ste SSS a hides, although covered with bristly hair, are not as thickly furred as boars'. These are some kind of mon- strous mutation. Jt is just as you had thought, there is some rotten magic at work ai the farm. The monstrous pigs have caught up with you so you have to defend yourself against their slicing tusks, and belligerent Porcine temperaments SKILL STAMINA First SAVAGE SWINE 6 5 Second SAVAGE SWINE 5 4 Third SAVAGE SWINE 5 5 Fight the animals two at a time on the farm track. If you defeat the three, bloodthirsty animals, do you want to re turn to the turn to investigate further (ham to 420) or will you stick to your original plan and re turn to Vargenhof (tum 10 2.44)?

=== SECTION 484 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

You spend the rest of the night at the shrine and in the morming, with the sun struggling into a cloud-hazed grey sky, you bid Corran farewell. As you leave the security of the shrine, its guardian watches your progress long after you have left, the orange glow of the warming room emanating from the open portal behind him By dawn's wan light, as you descend from the rolling moors to the valley-lying settlements to the east, you catch sight of a flock of blackbirds circling in the sky over a spot some half a mile away to the north. Such behaviour suggests that there is something there, out in the cold of this wild place. Do you want to take a i eeeeeeeeeeeeeepEHRNRN'. VN diversion north, to see what might be found there rum to 243), or will you continue east, back to the road {furn to 69)?

=== SECTION 485 | PDF PAGE 180 ===

Even as you are studying at the Count's portrait, it feels as if Varcolac is looking through you to the animal within, and you feel the wolf trying to break free again. The creature how!s, using your throat and vocal cords, straining to be free. To your tortured psyche it seems as though you can hear the trophy heads braying and hooting in response to the presence of the Were inside you. Add 1 to your CHANGE score Desperate to escape your fate and bring on the final confrontation that you knew must be coming, you race on along the corridor, past ihe smiling lords of Lupravia and the howling heads. Turn to 158 tial fithus ip SS (ine Ors AVA a VRE, 3 qhé As the last wolf falls you look up to see Ulrich running towards the now open door of the cottage, the sturdy iron-bound oak gouged by what are, unmistakeably claw marks. Something has got in. You follow the woodsman as he runs inside. In the single room beyond you find a wild-haired man standing over the crumpled body of a white-haired old woman. 'Grand- mother!" Ulrich cries and on hearing his voice, the stranger turns to look at you. He has a horrid leering grin on his face and the manic look in his staring eyes tells you that he is quite mad. But there is one other thing you cannot help noticing that sends a chill of horror shivering down your spine: he is missing his left hand. Ulrich simply stands there dumbfounded and in that moment's hesitation, the lunatic leaps past him, trying to make for the door, where you bar his way to freedom. Snarling like an animal he tries to claw you with the talon-like fingernails of his remaining right hand, seemingly unconcerned as to the harm your sword could cause his unprotected flesh LUNATIC SKILL? STAMINA After three Attack Roundg, or if you reduce the mad- man's STAMINA to 6 or less, whichever comes first turn al once to 309

=== SECTION 486 | PDF PAGE 180 ===

qhé As the last wolf falls you look up to see Ulrich running towards the now open door of the cottage, the sturdy iron-bound oak gouged by what are, unmistakeably claw marks. Something has got in. You follow the woodsman as he runs inside. In the single room beyond you find a wild-haired man standing over the crumpled body of a white-haired old woman. 'Grand- mother!" Ulrich cries and on hearing his voice, the stranger turns to look at you. He has a horrid leering grin on his face and the manic look in his staring eyes tells you that he is quite mad. But there is one other thing you cannot help noticing that sends a chill of horror shivering down your spine: he is missing his left hand. Ulrich simply stands there dumbfounded and in that moment's hesitation, the lunatic leaps past him, trying to make for the door, where you bar his way to freedom. Snarling like an animal he tries to claw you with the talon-like fingernails of his remaining right hand, seemingly unconcerned as to the harm your sword could cause his unprotected LUNATIC SKILL? STAMINA After three Attack Roundg, or if you reduce the mad- man's STAMINA to 6 or less, whichever comes first turn al once to 309

=== SECTION 487 | PDF PAGE 181 ===

Dropping down from the broken-mortared top of the wall you land in a pile of russet leaves and, shooting darting glances al) around, you creep towards the house. You freeze once on hearing a cry, but it is only the croaking cry of a woodcock and nothing to be afraid of. You are only ten yards from the door when you hear the furious scraping of paws clawing the Eround to get at you, the rattling of a long chain and then a snarling bark that sounds like it must belong to some monstrous dog. Running around the side of the house is a creature that at first you lake to be a welf. A moment's consideration later and you see that, despite Tushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actually has the physical proportions of a man. It is not unlike Werewolf you fell foul of and yet looks like it has been trapped mid-transformation - and night has still not yet fallen WOLF-WERE SKILL§ 9 STAMINAS If the Wolf-Were wounds you more than twice, add 1 point to your CHANGE score, You may escape after three Attack Rounds, if you wish, running back to the entrance to the estate and climbing back over the wall as the Woli-Were will be held at bay by its chain (turn Kite aes ae CIE to 46), However, if you choose to fight and reduce the Wolf-Were's STAMINA to 4 points or less,turn to 472

=== SECTION 488 | PDF PAGE 181 ===

The Grendel grabs you with both of its huge hands and lifts you bodily off the ground. With a grunt of delight the ogre hurls you against the bars of the Cage and you fall to the ground, cradling bniised ribs {lose 4 STAMINA points). If you are shill alive, you stagger from the Cage to reclaim your possessions before disappearing into the crowds to hide your embarrass- ment {furn to 167 The people of these parts have been protecting their flocks, herds and homes from the predations of wild animals for far longer than they have had to worry about a Werebeast, so the forest paths are riddled with wolf traps - which are just as effective against unwary humans. Walking along a seemingly little-uwsed track alone you succumb to one such trap, as what you had taken to be fallen branches strewing the path give way under your weight, dropping you into a deep pit tined with sharpened stakes. You cannot stop yourself from falling in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakes Roll one dice, add one and lose this many STAMINA points. (If you have The Quickenitig special ability you may divide this damage by 2, rounding fractions up- Ifyou are still alive, you eventually struggle out of the pit-trap and do what you can to bind your wounds before rejoining the rest of the party as they are preparing to reharn to Vargenhof. Turn to 157 Dropping down from the broken-mortared top of the wall you land in a pile of russet leaves and, shooting darting glances al] around, you creep towards the house. You freeze once on hearing a cry, but it is only the crnaking cry of a woodeock and nothing to be afraid of. You are only ten yards from the door when you hear the furious scraping of paws clawing the ground to get at you, the rattling of a long chain and then a snarling bark that sounds like it must belong to some monstrous dog, Running around the side of the house is a creature that at first you take ta be a wolf, A moment's consideration later and yousee that, despite rushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actually has the physica! proportions of a man. It is nol unlike Werewolf you fell foul of and yet looks like it has been trapped mid-transformation - and night has still not yet fallen WOLF-WERE sanL8 sTamMina § If the Wolf-Were wounds you more than twice, add 1 point to your CHANGE score. You may escape after ihree Attack Rounds, lé you wish, running back lo the entrance to the estate and climbing back over the wall as the Wolf-Were will be held at bay by its chain (turn *"_ Vs a - eos Z a - Lee SSS Io 46). However, if you choose ic fight and reduce the Wolf-Were's STAMINA {0 4 points or less, turn to 472

=== SECTION 489 | PDF PAGE 182 ===

The Grendel grabs you with both of its huge hands and lifts you bodily off the ground. With a grunt of delight the ogre hurls you against the bars of the Cage and you fall to the ground, cradling bruised ribs (lose 4 STAMINA points). If you are slill alive, you stagger from the Cage to reclaim your possessions before disappearing into the crowds lo hide your embarrass- ment (turn to 167 The people of these parts have been protecting their flocks, herds and homes from the predations of wild animals for far longer than they have had to worry about 4 Werebeast, so the forest paths are riddled with wolf traps - which are just as effective against unwary humans. Walking along a seemingly little-used track alone you succumb lo ane such trap, as what you had taken te be fallen branches strewing the palh give way under your weight, dropping you into a deep pit lined with sharpened stakes. You cannot slop yourself from falling in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakes Roll one dice, add one and lose this many stamina points. (Lf you have The Quickerting special ability you may divide this damage by 2, rounding fractions up- If you are still alive, you eventually struggle out of the pittrap and do whal you can to bind your wounds before rejoining the rest of the party as they are preparing to re turn lo Vargenhof. Turn to 251 ee sss sss

=== SECTION 490 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

The way through the woods that you have chosen widens as it passes between drifts of fallen leaves between the trees. The pale disc of the sun sinks lower in a featureless grey sky, the monotonous skyscape broken only by the flapping specks of birds rehuming to their roosts. Their hoarse croaking cries echo across the leafless canopy. Your mind tums to thoughts of where you should camp for the night as the moon appears like a luminescent lantern above you. Without any warming you are seized by crippling pains that force you to your knees, gasping for breath. Something is happening to the very fibre of your being. Write the number 234 0n your Adventure Sheet anc turn to ao

=== SECTION 491 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

Even as you are gagging on the putrescent slime you feel its metamorphasing power take hold of you The effects of the mufagernie slime, combined with the lycanthropy riddling every fibre of your being forces you to undergo a catastrophic transformation Muscles contract and twist, bones melt and reform skin become chitin, hair becomes rank fur, unt] what is left resembies an unholy cross between a cockroach and a wolf. Your rapid transformation, exacerbated by the lycanthropy, shocks even the monks. But you no longer care about such things or even remember your life before this moment as all the humanity you once had is gone. Your adventure ends here, as you scuttle down into the dark sanctuary of the dungeons beneath the Abbey, where you begin your new life among the vermin, as one of them S=-=-_.uuy-"VN.}"u>"0}w 3 -_ °Q ° => |= = #94 You follow the corridor to another junction, where the stench of death hangs heavy in the musky air of the subterranean passageway. The carcass of a huge rat - six feet long from nose to tail - lies against one wall Crawling over it, picking at the dead creature with Massive, bone-crushing mandibles, are four large carrion feeders, each one over three feet in jength. The insects' heads look just like horned human skulls. The Death's Head Beetles pause in their consumption of the rat corpse, hideous skull-heads taming im your direction, mandibles clicking. You sense that they could attack at any moment. Will you take the new right-hand turn at the junction (turn to 12) or will you continue straight ahead, past the feeding beetles turn to 509)? #93 The Changeling lies dead at your feet. The elderly couple gasp in horror but not al the thought that you have killed their baby. It is as if a veil has been lifted from their eyes, for now they can see the Changeling in its true guise at last. They apologise to you profusely as the imp dissolves into bubbling slime and soaks into the floor. They have nothing to offer you by way of a material reward but they do force you to take an earthenware jug of cider and a cured cheese with you Add 2 Meals to your Provisions and regain 1 LUCK point for freeing the couple from the Curse of the Changeling.) There is nothing more for you to do here Bidding Farmer Bauer and his wife farewell you leave their turn to find that the rainstorm has passed as

=== SECTION 492 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

CO e§ECOOoeoreoO EE well. Disconsolate that you have not managed to track dowm the Beasl of Vargenhof but satisfied that you have done good at Bauer Farm, you relrace your steps through the hills, negotiating the wooded slopes as dusk falls and the town comes in sight again. Turn to 144 Do not meet her gaze!" you hear Van Richten shout although his voice comes to you as in a dream. 'Do not look inte her eyes!' you hear him cry, louder this ime. You somehow, manage to break free of her beguiling power, tearing your eyes away from hers There is no doubt in your mind that this is the Countess Isolde, Lady of Maun, vampiress and necro- mancer. Aind you know what must be done. But before you can act, the Countess' servant gives a piercing high-pitched cry and throws himself at the Vampire Hunter, even as Van Richten is taking aim with his pistol. Time seems to slow as the gaunt-faced man's body warps, changing shape dramatically. His arm bones appear to contract even as his finger bones leng- then, membranes of leathery skin unfurling between 4 hi B ae ota ™ ' vi - them. The man's ears become even more pointed as his nose becomes an ugly anout, his fur-covered body bursting free of the torn remnants of his clothes. No longer a man but now a bat of unbelievable propor- tons, with a wingspan approaching 12 feet, the Vampiress' servant swoops on Van Richlen. The Werebat snatches hold of him with clawed feet and with two strong wing-beats, drags him up into the vault of the dome. You catch a glint of steel and hear Werebat screech in pain, a3 ill is sent tumbling towarda one of the velvet-draped windows. With a splintering crash, the Vampire Hunter and the Were- bat smash through the glass and plunge to their deaths trapped in a mutual murderous embrace It suddenly dawns on you that you are alone again and the Vampiress has realised that Fact too. With a banshee scream of her own she throws herself at you claws and fangs revealed, the deceptive glamour of her alluring beauty replaced by her true bat-like undead form. If you have a Silver Cross and want to use it, or a Pair of Silver Candlesticks with which you can improvise, turn to 17. [fnot,turn to 141

=== SECTION 493 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

The Changeling lies dead at your feet. The elderly couple gasp in horror but not al the thought that you have killed their baby. It is as if a veil has been lifted from their eyes, for now they can see the Changeling in its true guise at last. They apologise to you profusely as the imp dissolves into bubbling slime and soaks into the floor. They have nothing to offer you by way of a material reward but they do force you to take an earthenware jug of cider and a cured cheese with you Add 2 Meals to your Provisions and regain 1 LUCK point for freeing the couple from the Curse of the Changeling.) There is nothing more for you to do here Bidding Farmer Bauer and his wife farewell you leave their turn to find that the rainstorm has passed as well. Disconsolate that you have not managed to track dowm the Beasl of Vargenhof but satisfied that you have done good at Bauer Farm, you relrace your steps through the hills, negotiating the wooded slopes as dusk falls and the town comes in sight again. Turn to 144

=== SECTION 494 | PDF PAGE 184 ===

Do not meet her gaze!" you hear Van Richten shout although his voice comes to you as in a dream. 'Do not look inte her eyes!' you hear him cry, louder this ime. You somehow, manage to break free of her beguiling power, tearing your eyes away from hers There is no doubt in your mind that this is the Countess Isolde, Lady of Maun, vampiress and necro- mancer. Aind you know what must be done. But before you can act, the Countess' servant gives a piercing high-pitched cry and throws himself at the Vampire Hunter, even as Van Richten is taking aim with his pistol. Time seems to slow as the gaunt-faced man's body warps, changing shape dramatically. His arm bones appear to contract even as his finger bones leng- then, membranes of leathery skin unfurling between 4 hi B ae ota ™ ' vi - them. The man's ears become even more pointed as his nose becomes an ugly anout, his fur-covered body bursting free of the torn remnants of his clothes. No longer a man but now a bat of unbelievable propor- tons, with a wingspan approaching 12 feet, the Vampiress' servant swoops on Van Richlen. The Werebat snatches hold of him with clawed feet and with two strong wing-beats, drags him up into the vault of the dome. You catch a glint of steel and hear Werebat screech in pain, a3 ill is sent tumbling towarda one of the velvet-draped windows. With a splintering crash, the Vampire Hunter and the Were- bat smash through the glass and plunge to their deaths trapped in a mutual murderous embrace It suddenly dawns on you that you are alone again and the Vampiress has realised that Fact too. With a banshee scream of her own she throws herself at you claws and fangs revealed, the deceptive glamour of her alluring beauty replaced by her true bat-like undead form. If you have a Silver Cross and want to use it, or a Pair of Silver Candlesticks with which you can improvise, turn to 17. [fnot,turn to 141

=== SECTION 495 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

The batthe-ready Strigoivans stop at the edge of the fields beyond the southem perimeter of their village Fires have been litin iron-wrought braziers, the smoke from the fires drifting away over the blighted fields Some 30 yards away you make out the dark shape of a wooden watchtower, positioned in front of a line of straggly trees. They always come this way,' Konrad Slates onumousl;: And then you wai Several bone-numbmg hours later you hear the muffled tolling of a bell, marking midnight. And then you hear the Howling for the first tune: the sound sends a chill of ice-water running through your veins A volce screams from up in the watchtower, 'They're coming! Your eyes straining, you peer into the darkness Twisting between the scraggy trees you can see what appear to be writhing tendrils of mist. As the tendrils come closer, they take on the form of insubstantial -_-_--- EOE wolf-like creatures, with savage dagger-length fangs and elongated tearing claws. And all the while, the dread howling continues. Roll two dice. If the total! is leas than or equal lo your CHANGE score, turn to 1975; if it ls greater, turn ta 298

=== SECTION 496 | PDF PAGE 185 ===

You open the door and step through into a vast banqueting chamber What was obviously once a luxuriously laid table - with finest bone china, pleam- ing gilt cutlery and magnificent plittering crystal centrepieces - is now nothing better than a dog's dinner, Platters of rotting food, white with solidified prease, litter the soiled tablecloth, while the cartasses and bones of many passed meals lie sewn across the fable and over the floor. Hearimp a chomping, slaver- ing sound you lock towards the far end of the hall sitting at the other end of the table are three veiled women wearing fowns that were once no doubt fabulous examples of the dressmaker''s art, but which are now tom and dishevelled. The noise is the sound of their disgusting table manners, as they pick at the remains of chicken carcasses. One of the wornen stops abruptly, even as she is sucking the marrow froma leg bone, and sniffs the air sharply. "We have company sisters,' she snarls. The other fwo women both cease their messy eating then and sniff the air, turning your way, thei faces hidden behind their veils. Moving as stealthily as cats, the three woman glide towards you across the banqueting chamber What's this,' asks another, her tone umperious and mocking, 'another guest for dinner?' Or another course?' says the third, gleefully. 'I do hope so. I'm still hungry.' What have you brought us, fresh meat?' the first asks addressing you directly. 'Are you the next course or do you have something else to delight us with?' At that she pulls aside her veil and you gasp in unex- pected horror as you catch sight of the face beneath. It is a hideous amalgam of homan being and animal somewhere between that of a woman and a she-weoll The wolf-woman licks a long pink tongue across camine fangs and something like a smile splite her horrible visage. How will you react to thia revelation? Will you ready your weapon and prepare to fight turn bo 306) or will you offer the wolf-woman some- thing from among your Possessions (hum to 349)?

=== SECTION 497 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

The batthe-ready Strigoivans stop at the edge of the fields beyond the southem perimeter of their village Fires have been litin iron-wrought braziers, the smoke from the fires drifting away over the blighted fields Some 30 yards away you make out the dark shape of a wooden watchtower, positioned in front of a line of straggly trees. They always come this way,' Konrad Slates onumousl;: And then you wai Several bone-numbmg hours later you hear the muffled tolling of a bell, marking midnight. And then you hear the Howling for the first tune: the sound sends a chill of ice-water running through your veins A volce screams from up in the watchtower, 'They're coming! Your eyes straining, you peer into the darkness Twisting between the scraggy trees you can see what appear to be writhing tendrils of mist. As the tendrils come closer, they take on the form of insubstantial -_-_--- EOE wolf-like creatures, with savage dagger-length fangs and elongated tearing claws. And all the while, the dread howling continues. Roll two dice. If the total! is leas than or equal lo your CHANGE score, turn to 1975; if it ls greater, turn ta 298

=== SECTION 498 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

Don't go!' the spider-woman shrieks as you turn tail and run. 'Stay with me and my husbands,' she cries a5 ashe scuttles after you over the desiccated husks of men and dwarfs that litter the floor of her chamber You can hear the monster clasing on you as you reach a hinnel, the roof of which is thick with the spear-like points of heavy stone stalactites. Your footfalls ringing from the bedrock, you launch yourself down the tunnel. Seconds later the Spider-Cueen squeezes her great bulk into the passageway after you. She is not going to let you get away that easily. Test your Luck If you are Lucky, turn to 396. If you are Unlucky, the monater catches up with you, turn to 252

=== SECTION 499 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

Your clothes dripping, with the foul-smelling stagnant water of the pool, you haul yourself out onto the bank Before going on your way you stop to check over your equipment and the contents of your backpack, Your aword and leather armour, apart from being wet, are fine, as are most of the things stowed inside your oil- akin backpack. However, a certain number of your Provisions have been spoiled by contact with the water. (Roll one dice and remove up te this number of Meals from your Provisions.) Your jantern is still intact too, but the dry powder and kindling you keep inside your Ginderbox has got wet and will take a while to dry out. The next time you are told you may only do something if you light your lantem, you may not choose that option. The subsequent time you are given such an yption the tinder will be dry and you may make that selection from then on. Now turn to 46

=== SECTION 500 | PDF PAGE 187 ===

As soon as you arrive at the smal) market town of Varpenhof you sense that something is wrong. A pall of fear and uncerlainty hangs over the place hke a smothering shroud. A group of men with spike- collared hunting dogs are gathered in front ol Vargenho!'s mecting hall. A portly man - the town's burgomaster - is addressing the party. Over the general hubbub of the town square, whee traders ply their trade, your heightened hearing catches odd snatches of the burgomaster's rousing speech, phrases such as 'plaguing our lands', "Werebeasl' and 'some- thing must be dene' If you want to avail yourself of the services Vargenhol has to offer, turn te 82. If not, you can either join the party of hunters gathered before the meeting hall turn to 201) or quil the town without dallying here al all (turn to §e7

=== SECTION 501 | PDF PAGE 187 ===

Shaffing the discharged pistol into the leather belt lopped around his torso, the Headless Highwayman unsheathes a basket-hilted sabre, ready to face you in hand-to-hand combat. Ready with your own blade you prepare to defend yourself HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN skILL® = sTamMINAs While you are Aghting, the Highwayman maintains a grip on lhe head in his other hand, which shouts encouraging comments to its body as it fights, which you find most off-putting! You must also reduce your Altack Strength by 1 point because your opponent is still in the saddle and so has an advantage over you. If you defeat the phantom felon, turn to 411

=== SECTION 502 | PDF PAGE 187 ===

Defying death, and gravity, the horses make the jump dragging the slagecoach over the brink of the broken bridge behind them. As the coach crashes down onte the mad on the other side of the chasm, Kabya is thrown from her seat at the front of the carriage onto the back of one of the horses. At the same time the road veers to the right again and emerges from the dense-packed pines to follow an equally precarious course along the edge of another precipitous gorge to the left. The carriage slides sideways, sending a cas- cade of pebbles from the road into the void. If you don't seize contro] of the careering carriage - and soon! - your pursuit of the Werebeast could still end in all your deaths. Vaulting into the driver's seat you gtab held of the slackened reins, Tesi yotrr Skill. Lb you succeed, tarn to 112; however, if you fail,turn to 444

=== SECTION 503 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

At the height of your battle with the Werewolf, the full moon comes into view beyond the tall window at the end of the chamber, bathing the Count's chambers in its mystical luminescence. Moonlight washes over you and it feels as if the cold, white beams are soaking into every pore. You were so close to completing your quest, Lf only you can keep the beast contained a little longer maybe you shill can. Rol! three dice. If you are wearing a Moonstone Amulet, subtract 3 from the dice roll. Lf the new total is less than or equal te your CHANGE score, turn to 25- [fit is greater, hin to 285

=== SECTION 504 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

Trapper Som dies on the end of your sword with a curse on his lips (lose 2 LUCK points). And ihen the figure standing next to him is transforming into a terrifying monster. The thing that was once the Burgomaster slashes at you with lengthening claws dealing you a savage wound. Lose 3 STAMINA poinks and turn to 62

=== SECTION 505 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

The Death's Heads make a sinister hollow knocking sound that intensifies as you draw nearer. Tes! your Luck. lf you are Lucky, turn to 136. If you are Unlucky turn bo o5

=== SECTION 506 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

Slowly the man lowers his pistol, 'So, what brings a lone traveller like you out on a night such as this in these accursed lands?' he asks. Will you tell the stranger the truth, that you are seeking a cure for the curse of a werewolf's bite (turn to 312), or will you tell him that you are on a personal quest to rid the land of Lupravia of the many evils that mar its reputalion amon, the principalities of Mauristatia (turn te 333)?

=== SECTION 507 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

You journey for a nigh| and a day, taking the road north through the pinewoods, crossing a bridge spanning a dark chasm, and onwards along the edge of the precipitous Garou Gorge, follawing signs to Wulfenstein. Make a note cf the number 149 on your Adventure Skeet and then turn to 20

=== SECTION 508 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

As the day wears on and the shadows lengthen you pass the boundary that marks the point where scrubby healhland becomes forest. The paths are thick with fallen leaves, the skeletal forms of the trees sinister as their shifting shadows reach for you with black clawing fingers. You have not travelled far into the forest when you come upon a high stone wall that cubs across between the trees, marking the perimeter of what musi be the demesne of a hunting lodge or some secluded manor house. little A further on you come to a pair of large, rusted iron gates that are firmly locked The track that leads up to these gates is even less reguiarly used and more overgrown than the path you are following. A weather-faded sign on one of the gates reads, 'Beware of the Dog'. Through the rust- flaking bars you can see the rundown mansion Lhat the wall and the gates enclose. You cannot tell how occupied ar otherwise the estate may be - it could be entirely empty for all you know - but you are aware that the day is drawing on and that you may well have to spend another night under the stars. There is no obvious way to altract the attention of anyone inside the mansion, so do you want to scramble over the wall to investigate further (turn to 487) or will you go on your way without tespassing (turn to 46}?

=== SECTION 509 | PDF PAGE 189 ===

Your place is not with us,' the Master says, his face a grim mask of indifference. 'So you are not welcome here.' Before you can speak, the little man tosses a handful of sparkling powder in your face and you collapse unconscious in an instant When you come fo again itis still dark and something tells you that you are a long way from where you started. You are lying at a crossroads surrounded by dense woodland and you aze utterly alone - there is no sign of the Carnivale. A quick check of your backpack reveals the theft of all your Gold Pieces and Silver items you may have had with you. (Lose 2 Luck point.) Cursing your misfortune, although doubtless you broughtit on yourself, you decide what to do next. A signpost marked with four place names stands at the crossroads: Balci to the north-west Stigoiva to the south-west, Vargenhof io the north- east and Maun to the south-east. Having travelled from the west already, and sensing that your onward path lies to the east, you are left with two choices. Will you head in the direction of Vargenhof (hirn to 499 or follow the less well-trodden path to Maun (burn to 438)? Fy Fy Tee k-oenkl

=== SECTION 510 | PDF PAGE 189 ===

Standing in the courtyard beyond the unguarded gatehouse, you look towards the main doors to the castle at the top of a grand set of stone steps. Above the entrance to the castle is emblazoned the crest of the ruling family of Lupravia - a howling wolf's head against a full waxing moon. Rousing your courage you climb the steps and push open the main doors You find yourself in a dusty, dimly lit entrance hail The place seems deserted. Broad passageways lead away, further into the castle, to left and right while directly in front of you, a grand, macabrely carved stone staircase rises to a balcony and ancther set of closed double doors. How do you want to progress through Castle Wulfen? Along the passageway to the left? Turn to 319 Down the corridor to the right? Turn to 349 Up the grand staircase and through the double doors beyond? Turn to 146

=== SECTION 511 | PDF PAGE 189 ===

Konrad said that the Healing Well of Saint Crucius lies across the moors north and west of Strigoiva. If you want to set off in search of the shrine, turn to §. If not, you will have to camp out under the stars for the night (turn to 466

=== SECTION 512 | PDF PAGE 189 ===

You climb some way higher into what you guess must be one of the castle's turrets. The steps end at last ata dark corridor. At its far end you can make out another FIG 4 Thy "yh 'et i i i = s eee ge ee = a eee' v1 * : fh. = | sil ae (ne é | a J vt ala eel og Sp W 1 7 'ia -- 51) ; ea ica = fi 1 ! == i iss ----- T_S door, but before you can reach this you must avoid the huge axe blade that swings at the end of an iron pendulum pole back and forth across the passageway If you want to proceed, trying to dodge the pendulum blade to reach the door at the end of the corridor, turn to 471. If you would rather not risk it, you will have to descend the staircase again, re turn to the Map Room and leave through the alternative exit there (hon to 321

=== SECTION 513 | PDF PAGE 190 ===

Very well, Vareolac growls with barely contained fury, 'Tshall have to deal with you myself, Rising from his chair, the Count throws back his head giving an unadulterated howl of animal delight. With the horrible cracking-crunching sound of bones warping and reforming, Varcolac's body grows in stature, his ribcage broadening, spine arching, arms becoming longer, nails thrusting from the ends of his fingers furning to claws. Fangs push through bleeding gums as the Connt's skull reshapes itself, becoming a lupine muzzle, his ears stretching to hairy arrow points. His feet lengthen and change shape, bursting free of his boots, unhl standing before you is no longer the mortal ruler of this cursed land but a terrifying cross between welf and man. It is the largest, most awe- inspiring werewolf you have ever seen. You can feel pure evil intent pouring off the transformed Varcolac like musky scent, a mixhure of savage animal cunning and pure human malevolence Now is your moment to strike, while the Varcolac- wolf is gathering its wits following its sudden, violent transformation. Lf you know of a spell that might work against the Arch-Lycanthrope, you can bry to use it now by tuming to the paragraph which is the same as the page number on which you found il. Lf you do nol know of such a spell, or would rather nol use it, what will you use against the werewolf {if you have the relevant item)? A Silver Cross? Turn to 315 A Silver blinror? Turn to 427 ACrassbow? Turn to 472 A Flintlock Pistol? Turn to 450 A Silver Dagger? Turn to 479 Some other weapon? Turn to 230

=== SECTION 514 | PDF PAGE 191 ===

The spider is lying in wait for you, venom-dripping mandibles at the ready. As soon as you heave the stone cover from the Trapdoor Spider's Lair, the monstrous arachnid pounce again. This time it carmot miss. The spider grabs you and pulls you down into it hole sinking its huge fangs deep into your neck. The trap- door closes again and the spider begins to feast. Your advenhure ends here

=== SECTION 515 | PDF PAGE 191 ===

With the wolf-monster that has terrorised Lupravia for so many years lying dead at your feet at last, you feel a chanpe come over you. Your hearing becomes suddenly dulled, colours seem less vibrant, and the myriad scents of the chamber are reduced to an indis- bmct, muddled smell. Something has changed, the beasl within is gone. You are entirely human again Moving to the window, you watch the full moon as it continues its path across the heavens, no longer fearing the chill touch of its ethereal light. In fact you luxuriate in its silvery glow, knowing that it can do you no harm, knowing that it has no power over you By defeating the Arch-Lycanthrope, before succumb- ing to the Were yourself, you have escaped a fate Worse than death. But that isnotall you have achieved Thanks to you lhe land of Lupravia has been freed from Count Varcolae's cruel tyranny; its people need live in fear of the how! of the werewolf no longer, and neither need you a y- a -- #§ >; AS 6, <"__ -e il
