Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 1 of 30

Range: INTRODUCTION PAGE 1 through SECTION 3



=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 1 | PDF PAGE 1 ===

INTRODUCTION Before embarking on your adventure, you must first determine your own strengths and weaknesses. You use dice to discover your initial scores. On pages 14- 15 there is an Adventure Sheet, which you may use to record the details of your adventure. On it you will find boxes for recording the scores of your attributes You are advised either to record your scores on the Adventure Sheet in pencil or to make photocopies of the sheet for use in future adventures Skill, Stamina and Luck Even if you have read a Fighting Fantasy pamebook before, please sead the following section carefully, as you will see that your attributes are handled differently in this adventure to how they are in most other famebooks Roll one dice, Divide the number rojled by 2, rounding fractions up. Add 7, giving you a fatal of between 6 and to, Enter this total in the skILt box on the Adventire Sheet Roll two dice. Add 10 to the number roiled, giving you a total of between 12 and 22. Enter this total in the STAMINA box Roll one dice. Add 6 lo the number, piving you a total of between 7 and 12. Enter this total in the Luck box For reasons that will be explained below, all your scores will change constantly during the adventure to

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 2 | PDF PAGE 2 ===

come. You must keep an accurate record of these scores, and for this reason you are advised to write smal] in the boxes or to keep an eraser handy. But never mub out your Initial scores. Although you may be awarded additional samt, STAMINA and LUCK points, their totals may never exceed their Initial scores, except on those occasions when the text specifically tells you so Your skIL. reflects your expertise in combat, your dexterity and agility. Your STAMINA score reflects how healthy and physically fit you are. Your LUCK score indicates how lucky you are Battles During your adventure you will often encounter hostile creatures that will attack you, and you yourself may choose to draw your sword against an enemy you chance across. Jn some such situations you may be given special options allowing you to deal with the encounter in an unusual manner, but in most cases you will have to resolve battles as described below Enter your opponent's skiii, and STAMINA Scores in the first vacant Encounter Box on your Adventure Sheet, You should also make a note of any special abilities or instructions, which are unique to that particular opponent. Then follow this sequence 1. Roll both dice for your opponent. Add its SKILL score to the total rolled, to find tts Attack Strength 2. Roll both dice for yourself, then add your current SKILL score to find your Attack Strength 3. if your Attack Strength is higher than your epponent's, you have wounded it: proceed to step 4. If your opponent's Attack Strength is higher than yours, it has wounded you: proceed to step 5. If both Attack Strength totals are the same, you have avoided or parried each other's blows: start a new Attack Round from step 1 above 4. You have wounded your opponent, so subtract 2 points from its STAMINA score. You may use LUCK here to do additional damage (see Luck section 5. Your opponent has wounded you, se subtract 2 Points from your STAMINA score. You may use LUCK ta reduce the loss of STAMINA (see LUCK section 6. Bepin the next AHtack Round, starting again at step 1. This sequence continues until lhe STAMINA score of either you or your opponent reaches zero, which means death. If your opponent dies, you are free to continue with your adventure. If you die, your adventure ends and you must siart all over again by creating a new character Fighting More Than One Opponent In some situations you may find yourself facing more than one person or creature in combat. Somehmes you will treat them as a single opponent; sometimes you will be able to fight each in burn; and at other times you will have to fight them all at the same time! f they are treated as a single opponent, the combat is resolved normally. When you are instructed to fight your opponents one ata time, the combat is resolved normally - except that once you defeat an enemy, the

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 3 | PDF PAGE 3 ===

next steps forward to fight you! When you find yourself under attack from more than one opponent at the same time, each adversary will make a separate attack on you in the course of each Attack Round, but you can choose which one to fight Attack your chosen target as in a normal battle. Against any additional opponents you throw for your Attack Strength in the normal way; if your Attack Strength is greater than your opponent's, in this instance you will not inflict any damage; you can regard it as if you have parried an incoming blow. If your Attack Strength is lower than your adversary's, however, you will be wounded in the normal way. Of course, you will have to setile the outcome against each additional adversary separately Luck Al various times during your adventure, either in battles or when you come across other situations in which you could be either Lucky or Unlucky (details of these are given in the relevant paragraphs), you Thay usé LUCK to make the outcome more favourable to you. But beware! Using Luck is a risky business and if you are Unlucky, the results could be disastrous The procedure for Testing your Luck works as follows roll two dice. If the number rolled is equal to or less than your current LUCK score, you have been Lucky and the outcome will be in your favour. If the number rolled is higher than your current LUCK score, you have been Unlucky and will be penalised Each time you Test your Luck, you must subtract 1 Point from your current Luck score. Thus you will soon realise that, the more you rely on your Luck, the Lising Luck tn Battles In certain paragraphs you will be told to Test your Luck, and you will then find out the consequences of being Lueky or Unlucky. However, in battles, you alwaya have the option of using your Luc, either to inflict more serious damage on an opponent you have just wounded, or to minimise the effects of a wound you have just received If you have just wounded an opponent, you may Test your Luck as described above. lf you are Lucky you have inflicted a severe wound; deducl an extra 2 points from your opponent's STAMINA score. Tf you are Unlucky, however, your blow only scratches your opponent, and you deduct only 1 point from your opponent's STAMINA (i.e., instead of scoring the nornal a points of damage, you now score anly 1 Whenever you yourself are wounded in combat, you may Test your Luck to bry to minimise the wound. If you are Lucky, your opponent's blow only grazes you deduct 1 point from the damage you austain. If you are Unducky, your wound is a serious one and you must deduct 1 extra STAMINA point than you would normally Remember you must subtract 1 point from your Luck score each ime you Test your Luck

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 4 | PDF PAGE 4 ===

More About Your Attributes Skill Your SKILL score may change occasionally during the course of your adventure. From time to Hime a Paragraph may give instructions to increase or decrease your SKILL score, but it may not exceed its initial value unless you are specifically instructed to the contrary Al various times during your adventure you will be told to Test your Skill. The procedure for this is exactly the same as that for Testing your Lick. roll two dice. If the number rolled is equal to or less than your current SKILL score, you have succeeded in your test and the result will go in your favows If the number rolled is higher than your curtent SKILL score, you will have failed the test and will have to suffer the consequences However, unlike TesHig your Luck, do not subtract 1 point from your SKILL each ime you Test your Skil Stoming Your STAMINA score will change a lot during your adventure. [t will drop as a result of wounds gained through combat, or by falling foul of traps and pitfalls and it will also drop after you perform any particularly arduous task. If your STAMINA score ever falls to zero you have been killed and should stop reading the book immediately. Braye adventurers who wish to pursue their quest must roll up a new character and start all over again You can restore lost STAMINA by eating meals or Provisions. You start the game with enough for 10 Meals, and during your adventure you will be able to obtain more. You must keep track of how many Provisions yau have left by filling mn the details in the Provisions box of your Adventure Sheet. Each Ome you eat a meal you may restore up te 4 poimts of STAMINA, but you must remember to deduct 1 Meal fom your remaining Provisions. 'You may stop and eat Provisions at any time except when you are enpaped in batile Luck Additions to your Luck score may be awarded in the adventure when you have been particularly fortunate or created your awn luck by some action, Details are given, where appropniate, in the paragraphs of the book. Remember that, as with SKILL and STAMINA your LUCK score may never exceed its [niftel value unless the text specifically mstructs you to the contrary Change Points as you will soon discover, you are about to undergo something of a transformation as you undertake the adventure ahead of you. Although it will not mean anything bo you just yet, the rate of this change 1s Monitored in terms of CHANGE points, You start your adventure with 4 CHANGE score of zero, However ducing the adventure this total will inevitably increase

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 5 | PDF PAGE 5 ===

but it may also decrease occasianally. Keep a careful nole of your current number of CHANGE points in Lhe appropriate box on your Adwatare Sheet, Once the translormation begins, your CHANGE score cannol drop below 1 Equipment and Gold You begin your adventure with some basic equipment thal you will need for the challenge ahead of you. You are armed with a sword and are dressed in leather atmour. You have a backpack to hold your Provisions Gold Pieces and any treasures or olher items you may find along Ihe way. You also carry a lanicm and tinderbox. To find cut how many Gold Pieces with which you begin your adventure, rell two dice and add 6 to the number rolled. Note this total down in the Gold Pieces box on your Aditeuiire Sheet, Your sword and lantern should be noted in the Equipment box, as must any other useful items you may acquire On YOUT qurst Alternative Dice If you do not have a pair of dice handy, dice rolls are Printed throughout the book at the bottom of the pages. Flicking rapidly through the book and slopping ona page will give you a random dice roll. If you need lo roll only one dice, read ordy the first printed dice; if two, lotal the two dice symbols i2

=== INTRODUCTION PAGE 6 | PDF PAGE 6 ===

secre rit WEREWOLE ITEMS AND EQUIPMENT CARRIED ADVENTURE SHEET eee

=== BACKGROUND PAGE 1 | PDF PAGE 7 ===

BAD MOON RISING Tt was madness even to think that you could make it ta thenext village before nightfall, As dusk descended what possessed you to leave the road and attempt to take a shortcut through the suffocating forest? An expenenced sword-for-hire you may be, but your brash bravado has got the better of you this ime once and for al], Your heart beats a tattoo of near panic in your chest, your ragged breathing rasps loudly in your @ars. You quicken your step, just as you know that the creatures that are hunting you are quickening theirs You can hear the wolves panting as they run, easily keeping pace with you. The night closes in, a smothering shroud of darkness. You trip over exposed tree zoobs, the moon - only a matter of nights away from being full - casting its sickly light through naked black branches above. To your agitated mind the trees seem to claw at you with skeletal black fingers Suddenly the adrenalin rush of panic is replaced by that of desperate hope as you catch sight of a flickering light between the looming, leafless trees, [t may be no more than a lone guttering candle-flame, but to you it is a brilliant beacon of hape amid the blackness. The light 1 shining from the window of an isolated hut and suddenly you feel there is a chance you might yet escape the cruel fate that the encroaching night seems to have set aside for you A howl cuts through the chill night air, a mournful sound that freezes the blood in your veins. You mmediately stumble to a halt: the arumal cry came from somewhere close by. Your heart raang, your breathing shallow and fast, you spin round, scouring the oppressive forest for the tell-tale signs that you know must be there. And then you see them, a dozen blazing-red eyes, smouldering like coals, watching you from the darkness Growling, the wolves slink into the moonlight in front of you. The animals have a Jean, hungry look, their gfey pelts scabrous and patchy, their ear-tips pressed Jow against ther skulls, lps curling back fom yellowed, slavering fangs. Darting anxious glances around, you realise, fo your horror, that you are You unsheathe your sword, the blade shining as it slides from its ciled leather scabbard, You test its weight in your hand, knowing that itis only a matter of moments before you will be forced to Gght for your life. In that moment, your mind is suddenly awhirl with memories of the last few months Growing weary of the comfortable security of the plains of Femphrey and Lendleland, you ventured north into that cloud-capped, frostbitten realm of unforgiving mountain peaks and brooding forests that is Mauristatia, The pettily feuding principalities of that deadly land have histories as long and as

=== BACKGROUND PAGE 2 | PDF PAGE 8 ===

bloody as that of the Old World itself. People talk in hushed tones of the Vampire Lords of Mortvania and the ghoulish death-cults of Bathoria. No land is more benighted and accursed than that of Lupravia. A chill place of primeval mountains, dark forests and mistshrouded moorland, it is said to be haunted by the spirits of the restless dead. The wretched native folk of that land struggle to eke out even the meanest living from its thin soil and regularly suffer the predations of wild animals. Only the foolhardy or insane would choose to willingly pass beyond its borders and enter. that desolate realm. And yet here you are on the very edge of Lupravia, and suddenly everything you have ever heard about that place seems sa beretfytngly real A snarl more menacing and blood-chilling than any you have yet heard this hateful night brings you back to the present and the dire nature of your predicament. The wolves halt as one, Pushing aside the other wolves as id moves through the pack is ihe undoubtable leader. It is caught for a moment in the washed-out light of the moon, which hangs like 4 moumer's corpse-watch candle in the pall of night You have never seen ils like before The creature is huge, a monstrous beast twice the size of any other wolf in the pack. Its pelt is utterly black apart from the one long streak of grey that nuns from the top of its head all the way down its back. The look of evil intentis in its eyes, something wholly unnatural in a wolf, something almost inhumanly human. A guttural grow] that speaks of your imminent demise fises from deep within its chest and the wolves begin to move again. With death reflected in its eyes, the great wolf prepares to pourice Turn to paragraph 1

=== BACKGROUND PAGE 3 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

ii i ; oo : te Wh Ht : ee a= "A [ i ee a a a ie eee i ! E vs gage ee 2 = : oe eae ae a eo

=== SECTION 1 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

With the wolf pack steadily closing in on you, and the great wolf tensed ready to attack in an instant, you are going to have to act fast and use all your cunning if you are ever going to get out of this dire situation alive. Will you Turn your back on the wolf and try to run for it? Turn to 43 Stand your ground and prepare to meet Black Wolf's inevitable attack? Turn to 66 Seize the initiative and charge the wolf? Turn to 147

=== SECTION 2 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

Sharpness? Silverness? She must be talking about the Silver Dagger you found on the body of the goblin thief, Quickly you take out the gleaming blade. The Spider-Queen's eyes practically bulge out of her head as the eight black orbs catch sight of the dagger glittering in the light of the crystal formations. "My sharpness! My pretty silverness!' she shrieks. 'Give it to me, thief Or shall I have to take it from you?' She stalks towards you over the desiccated husks of men and dwarts that litter the floor of her chamber. If you want to throw the monster the Silver Dagger,turn to 67. If you choose to keep a tight hold of it,turn to 162

=== SECTION 3 | PDF PAGE 9 ===

Inexplicably, something starts to claw at you inside vour chest - at Jeast that's what if Feels like. You cry out in pain as you double up, but the cry that comes From your throat is more like a lupine how!; and that's ij T1ol all! You can feel fur bristling on your face and see it appearing on the backs of your hands, while the tips of your ears stretch and reshape themselves. (Add 1 to your CHANGE score.) The gathered circus folk gasp and lake a step back, apart from the Master. 'Ah," he muses, 'a wolfman. We haven't got one of those.' You siare at him in stunned amazement; this is not the reachon you would have expected. We all have our secrets, do we not?' the Master says, giving you a wicked grin. "But I think we might have a place for you, within our Camivale - that is, if you would like to join us.' Will you accept the Master's offer (turn to 15), or decline his invilation (turn to 509)?
