Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 7 of 30

Range: SECTION 87 through SECTION 103



=== SECTION 87 | PDF PAGE 41 ===

Pulling your travelling cloak tighter about you, you set off across the barren heath with only a chill, close wind for company. You had hoped you could reach the shrine before another night passed but, after an hour's tudging across Fermoor, a miasma rises fom the peaty ground, limiting your visibility even further Stifled by the cloying mist you proceed with greater caution. The dark tufts of reed-beds at your feet and the spongy feel of the turf under your beots indicates that this stretch of moorland is becoming ever more boggy and hreacherous. Also, it is not long before you cannot even accurately judge which direction you are travelling in; the usua] markers you would use to estimale compass points are all smothered by the for You are not certain you could even retrace your steps j successfully. There is a very real risk of you becoming completely lost on Fenmoor. Roll two dice. If the total molled is less than or equal bo your current CHANGE score,turn to 364; if itis preater, turn to 955

=== SECTION 88 | PDF PAGE 42 ===

Through the door you follow another passageway which turns right and ends at yet another portal Sensing that something ominous awails you on the other side, taking a deep breath, you turn the handle and step through. Turn to 156

=== SECTION 89 | PDF PAGE 42 ===

What is this?' Van Richten almost screams. "What kind of a creature are you that you can command the beast-servants of a creature of the night, unless you are a thing of darkness yourself? And if that is the case, how were you able to fool me?' The Vampire Hunter takes a step away from you, unsheathing his trusty rapier. "You may have focled me ance, but you have revealed your fue nature to me now, and cannot allow you to live." Van Richten seems willing to put aside his quest lo destroy the Lady of Maun uniil after he has dealt with you. You have no choice but to defend yourself against your erstwhile ally VAMPIRE HUNTER SKILL10 STAMINA l you defeat the Vampire Hunter lose 1 Luck point fain 1 ALARM point and then decide how you want to proceed. Will you continue with Van Richten's mission to putan end to Lhe Vampiress {burn to 102) or will give up on this course of action and rebum to your own quest (hum to 240}?

=== SECTION 90 | PDF PAGE 42 ===

Leaving the bright tents of the Carnivale behind you enter the village of Balci. There appears to be nothing Particularly special about this place. [t has a mill, a a tavern and a forge and you would judge that most of ts populace make a living either farming the land hereabouts or through forestry in the woods that lie to the south and east of the settlement If you wish to and you can afford it, you may enjoy a basic meal of i meat and potatoes along with a flagon of ale for 2 * Gold Pieces, which will restore up to 4 STAMINA points. Whether you eat here or not, with the sun pasl the zenith again, you decide that it is ime to press on There are two routes you can take out of the village the road east, signposted towards Vargenhof (burn to 144), of the well-worm back that leads south-east - +owards Lhe forest (burn to §o8 You knock back the contents of the cup in one go and > swallow decply. 'You feel the effects of the potion ' immediately, as the sleeping draught you have just cansumed sends you into an unconscicus shupor in seconds. Turn to 16

=== SECTION 91 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

You tum, catching one of what seems like a million reflections in the mirrors surrounding you: but the reflection looking back al you is that of a half-human wolfman. You cry out in lerror and look down at your hands to see that your fingernails have grown lo become cruel, sickle-edged claws. You look back inlo the lupine cyes of the monster reflected in Front of you and blackout in shock (add 1 to your CHANGE score When you come ta again, you stumble cut of the Hall of Mirrors to find that night has fallen and the Carnivale has closed to the public for the night. But you are nol alone. Turn to 281

=== SECTION 92 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

You tum, catching one of what seems like a million reflections in the mirrors surrounding you: but the reflection looking back al you is that of a half-human wolfman. You cry out in lerror and look down at your hands to see that your fingernails have grown lo become cruel, sickle-edged claws. You look back inlo the lupine cyes of the monster reflected in Front of you and blackout in shock (add 1 to your CHANGE score When you come ta again, you stumble cut of the Hall of Mirrors to find that night has fallen and the Carnivale has closed to the public for the night. But you are nol alone. Turn to 281

=== SECTION 93 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

Sprinting oul of the stable you come face to face with Highwayman's phantom steed. The ghostly horse rears upon ils hind legs, trying to Irample you beneath its crushing hooves. Before you can defend yourself you feel an icy stab of pain in your back as the cold iron Of a basket-hilted sabre skewers your heart on its tip. You drop to the cold, hard cobbles of the stable vard, your heart's blood pooling on the ground © around you, and the last thing you ever hear is the insane giggling of the barmaid-witch and the words of the headiess ghost. 'Like I always say, your money and your life."

=== SECTION 94 | PDF PAGE 43 ===

In the name of Saint Crucius, I would rid the unholy and the unclean from this lemple!' you declare, calling on the spirit of the long-departed holy man. The mageot emits a shrill, screeching cry, its body writhing m lorment. You have dealt the monsler a gricvous Slow. Regain 1 LUCK point and then turn to 426 to hght the creature, but before you do so reduce both its skILy STAMINA scores by half Considering fresh human flesh preferable to rotting tal meat, the beetles leap from the hall-ealen carcass 7 <snto your path, ready to take you on. Fight the insects aw ata ime SKILL «STAMINA First DEATH'S HEAD BEETLE 6 5 sxcond DEATH'SHEADBEETLE 5 3 Third DEATH'S HEAD BEETLE 6 6 Fourth DEATH'S HEAD BEETLE # 6 if vou kill the carrion feeders, turn Lo 136

=== SECTION 95 | PDF PAGE 44 ===

You hack and slash at the ghostly wolf but your sword simply passes straight through it. However the dire spectre has no difficulty in harming you. The phantasm savages you with teeth and claws before leaving you for dead on the cold ground and moving" onto its next vic. (Lose 6 sTamMINA points.) lf you survive the attack, you slowly lose consciousness listening to the desperate cries of the Strigaivans as they struggle against seemingly insurmountable odds torid themselves of Lhe spectral pack You come to the next day, lying on the cold, hard ground where the villagers left you, having been' driven back while fending off the ghostly wolves af Howling. From the position of the sun's white disc in the leaden sky, you judge that you have slept well into the following afternoon, although you feel ne betler for it. Beyond the eastern boundary of the village you are confronted by a parting of the ways Will you follaw the road as it divides to the north (turn to 160) or the cast (humm to 478)? Or will you take the less well-used track into the forest, which lies a mile or so fo the north-easl of Strigorva (tum 10 8)?

=== SECTION 96 | PDF PAGE 44 ===

You hack and slash at the ghostly wolf but your sword simply passes straight through it. However the dire spectre has no difficulty in harming you. The phantasm savages you with teeth and claws before leaving you for dead on the cold ground and moving" onto its next vic. (Lose 6 sTamMINA points.) lf you survive the attack, you slowly lose consciousness listening to the desperate cries of the Strigaivans as they struggle against seemingly insurmountable odds torid themselves of Lhe spectral pack You come to the next day, lying on the cold, hard ground where the villagers left you, having been' driven back while fending off the ghostly wolves af Howling. From the position of the sun's white disc in the leaden sky, you judge that you have slept well into the following afternoon, although you feel ne betler for it. Beyond the eastern boundary of the village you are confronted by a parting of the ways Will you follaw the road as it divides to the north (turn to 160) or the cast (humm to 478)? Or will you take the less well-used track into the forest, which lies a mile or so fo the north-easl of Strigorva (tum 10 8)?

=== SECTION 97 | PDF PAGE 44 ===

You enter a chamber thal is really a natural chimney sing into the gloom above, from which you can feel "movement in the cold, moist air of the cave complex And the breeze is not all that is moving in the cave Two zebra-striped spiders leap oul of lhe shadows Each of them is over four feet long, their short power- ful legs hurling them high into the cavern to drop down on you from above. Fight the Giant Jumping Spiders one at a time SKILL STAMINA Fist GIANT JUMPING SPIDER 7 4 Second GLANTJUMPING SPIDER 6 5 Metther of the spiders wins its first Attack Round, its keaping assault knocks you to the Noor This means fat you spend the next Attack Round getting up again (unless your have the Quickening special ability ® which case you jump to your feet straight away This means that you must Aght the next round of battle with your AHtack Strength reduced by 1 point. If rou defeal the bwo spiders, which way will you lake oul of the chimmey-cave? Atunnel through which the moist breeze ' ischannelled? Turn to 368 A narrow crawl-space? Turn to 122 A passageway strewn with rough 7 broken stones? Turn to 207 A pit-like hole inthe floorofthecave? Turn to 4%

=== SECTION 98 | PDF PAGE 45 ===

Another night under the stars beckons, so leaving the road you make a bed for yourself among the fallen leaves that have collected beneath a stand of beech trees. Fatigued by your travails, you are just dropping off to sleep when a flapping sound in the branches above rouses you again. Fully awake, you listen more carefully to the sound: it is like the beating of wings and - from the gusts of air sweeping down over you and stirring the leaves within the hallow - large ones at that. Then you see il, silhouetted for a moment against the moon. It looks semi-humancid but for a huge pair of moth-like wings, Soundlessly, the night hunter descends, You see long, feathery antennae large multifaceted eyes, a grey furred body and a slash of mouth filled with needle-sharp teeth Without making any noise, this curious nocturnal hunter closes in for the kill MOTH-MAN SKILLF STAMINA = 2 ' a al ' - ok < =." - q M you defeat your assailant you spend the rest of the might without any further disturbances and, in the Moming are on your way again. Turn to 500

=== SECTION 99 | PDF PAGE 45 ===

As you battle on against the snarling demonic hound Se door of the chapel opens and a wild-haired man wearing a wom and patched robe and sporting an equally unkempt beard, dashes out of the building frandishing a large silver cross in one hand. 'Begone devil!' he shouts, spitile flying from his lips. 'Begone Sound of Hell, back to the pit that spawned you!' At hat the Shuck breaks off its attack, snarls savagely at Se man, who thrusts the silver crosa even closer, and Sen tums tail, fleeing into the embrace of night Turn y 367

=== SECTION 100 | PDF PAGE 45 ===

Nou heave open the huge book and start to flick Grouph its pages. As you do ao, a strong smell of Sulphur fills the library and a thick black cloud 'svalesces in front of you. You jump back startled 'mocking the book from the lectern, but hear nothing # it crashes to the ground. The cloud solidifies into a 'aguely man-like shape, with strong, clawed amma elvety black skin and - most horribly of all -no face! Trapped within the demon's veil of silence you JFepare to defend yourself against the Silent Death SILENT DEATH SKILL 10 STAMINA 10 Being a demon, the Silent Death can only be harmed Gy magical weapons or ones cast from silver. If you have neither, the demon will slay you where you! stand. If you can defend yourself, and you manage to kal the Silent Death, turn to 459 10% slime and patches of grey mould bloom in the crumbling crevices. The air smelis of rol and damp earth. There is nothing of note in the vault, other than the gaping black mouth of a wide, stone-walled pit in" the middie of the packed earth flcor. Once agaln you find yourself wondering what happened here. Roll" two dice. If the total ls less than, or equal to, yous current CHANGE score,turn to 93; if it is greaber, turn tO 214g ica You climb a broad flight of steps up to the grand entrance of the tower. Testing the double doars you find that they are not locked and so, cautiously push'

=== SECTION 101 | PDF PAGE 46 ===

Vem open. You enter a large, circular entrance hall, ita Boor polished white marble inaid with darker stones © produce the heraldic creat of the noble house that "tales the people of Maun. But what a howse it must be Ome the crest is that of a human aloull surmounted by a Bat with wings outstretched. A sudden gust of wind ses from nowhere, sweeping through the hall and Samming the door shut behind you. Torches in wall- Sconces burst into flame in its wake. You try the Soors but they are now locked, and no amount of Sruggling on your part can force them open again You shudder at the prospect of what might await you within the Tower of Maun, but there is no going back pow. On the other side of the entrance hall a broad plished stone staircase spirals both up to the top ol Oe tower and down to a cellar level and beyond. On Sst inspection it appears that the staircase gives 'cess to seven Goors above, as well as a cellar and =ypt level below. You have no chaice but to explore is dark domain further. Where will you explore Thecrypt? Turn to 297 The cellar? Turn to 136 The ground floor (where yousrenow)? Turn to126 The first floor? Turn to 187 The secomd floor? Turn te aay The third floor? Turn to 348 The fourth floor? Turn to 284 The fifth floor? Tarn to 408 The sixth floor? Turn to 435 The seventh floor? Turn to 273

=== SECTION 102 | PDF PAGE 47 ===

a ge Le. Age ff Ne OR gy ea TT] SAS Dy e Aer. i, | eel eo ASR | ij ee 1 Fee %, yf i Ley ee oe ton py eg, Vt Ve. Za Ce lle \ f wll ik vl us / ee ee =. ol ye Fi i. re 4 \ ae ny en Efe, po aaa J US SoBe Dis i Sie ee ee iglae cua ee aay pote a ee wee wen ie ana ee ne "es ties ie el fer oe a hie esl ipa" em ee eae 103 103 Tearing your eyes away from the cold gaze of the moon, you pull your cloak even tighter about you in an attempt to keep out the freezing chill. Deciding it would be best to keep moving for fear of succumbing to hypothermia, you continue onwards through the icy night. And then you catch sight of something darting Hough the wintry woods. But when you turn your head to get a clearer view of the glittering figure itis gone again. Folk-lore has it that the wild, untamed places of this accursed land are haunted by elemental Spirils, not evil as such bul capricious, their intentions unknowable and therefore just as dark and unsettling With another sharp drop in the temperature around you, the being reveals itself, leaping onto the path. It is no more than three feet tall and looks like it is made entirely out of ice. Its hair consists of spiky upstanding icicles, its nose and chin are pointed and sharp, tts arms and legs stick-thin. The creature's hands and fcet end in glinting talons of ice and its mouth is spread unnaturally wide in a shark-like grin. The sprite cocks its head on one side, and fixes you with its penetrating ice-blue gaze. Its teeth are never still chattering constantly All the while it gibbers to itself Tcicle nose and frozen toes, shudder and judder came the snows. Shivers of ice and frost are nice, leave the hearth and pay the price!' The curious creature continues tts caper about on the frozen path in front of you, effectively blocking your way. If you think you know the ice sprite's name, turn to 118. If not how will vou proceed from here? Jf you want to threaten the creahure to make it leave you alone,turn to 238. If you wold rather try another, less ageressive, approach faim ta 265

=== SECTION 103 | PDF PAGE 47 ===

Tearing your eyes away from the cold gaze of the moon, you pull your cloak even tighter about you in an attempt to keep out the freezing chill. Deciding it would be best to keep moving for fear of succumbing to hypothermia, you continue onwards through the icy night. And then you catch sight of something darting Hough the wintry woods. But when you turn your head to get a clearer view of the glittering figure itis gone again. Folk-lore has it that the wild, untamed places of this accursed land are haunted by elemental Spirils, not evil as such bul capricious, their intentions unknowable and therefore just as dark and unsettling With another sharp drop in the temperature around you, the being reveals itself, leaping onto the path. It is no more than three feet tall and looks like it is made entirely out of ice. Its hair consists of spiky upstanding icicles, its nose and chin are pointed and sharp, tts arms and legs stick-thin. The creature's hands and fcet end in glinting talons of ice and its mouth is spread unnaturally wide in a shark-like grin. The sprite cocks its head on one side, and fixes you with its penetrating ice-blue gaze. Its teeth are never still chattering constantly All the while it gibbers to itself Tcicle nose and frozen toes, shudder and judder came the snows. Shivers of ice and frost are nice, leave the hearth and pay the price!' The curious creature continues tts caper about on the frozen path in front of you, effectively blocking your way. If you think you know the ice sprite's name, turn to 118. If not how will vou proceed from here? Jf you want to threaten the creahure to make it leave you alone,turn to 238. If you wold rather try another, less ageressive, approach faim ta 265
