Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 2 of 29

Range: SECTION 4 through SECTION 24



=== SECTION 4 | PDF PAGE 10 ===

Hans, the young man you met at The Gibbet Tree said that his sister Leisel had run away to join the Camivale. It surely can't be a coincidence; this must be the travelling circus he was talking about. You remember Hans' words clearly: 'weird, grotesque and macabre,' was how he described it. You have to admil that you are intrigued. Do you want to pay the entrance fee and enter the Carnivale now, in the hope of finding out more (turn to 144), or would you rather wait until after dark and enter then under cover of darkness (turn to 236), or would you rather have nothing lo do with the place (tum to 26}?

=== SECTION 5 | PDF PAGE 10 ===

You do not have to walk far to reach the nuns. With the dusk deepening around you, you begin to explore them by twilight. You pass between crumbling stone

=== SECTION 6 | PDF PAGE 10 ===

walls - whatever roof they might once have supported long gone - and beneath broken arches into dirt- floored chambers open to the sky, hame now to scurry- place - you find yourself wondering - and whal went ing beetles, centipedes and vermin. Who built this on here? Were these ruins once some lord's stronghold a sorcerer's hideaway, or some holy temple dedicated to a now-forgotten deity? There is one thing you are certain of, however. Evil holds dominion here now Lurking shadows seem to change shape and move The longer you explore the ruins lhe more intense the feeling becomes that there is an evil presence lingering within this place, and it is making you feel increasingly uncomfortable. Do you want to depart the ruins with- out further delay (tur to 38), or will you persist with Your investigations (turn to 249)? Lifting the latch, you push open the heavy door of The Gibbet Tree. The inn sign, which depicts an empty gallows scaffold and swinging noose, creaks mustily in the night-breeze above you. Shutting the door, you enter the bar room beyond. It is relatively large, witha number of tables and chairs dotted around, but, other than you, there appears to be only one other customer a young man with an intensely serious expression on his face, The last embers of a fire smoulder in the grate which is set into a large chimney breast. Standing behind the bar is a blubbery, bald-headed man whom you take to be the landlord, lugubriowsly rubbing a tankard with the skirts of his filthy apron, and a girl of no more than eighteen or nineteen, whose black hair is an unkempt mess, her vacant eyes staring into the dying coals of the fire. Na one speaks, making the whining of the wind in the eaves even more unsettling A night at an inn such as this shouldn't cost more than a couple of Gold Pieces, but you can imagine you would receive a warmer welcome from a pack of snow wolves in the Cloudeap Mountains in mid- winter. Do you want to spend what remains of the night at The Gibbet Tree (hum to 131), or would you prefer to risk a night out on the moors under the stars turn to 466)?

=== SECTION 7 | PDF PAGE 11 ===

Being mindful not to re turn to anywhere you have already been, which floor will you now explore? The crypt? Turn te 297 The cellar? Turn to 139 The ground floor? Turn to 126 The first floor?Turn to 167 The second floor?Turn to 207 The third floor? Turn to 349 The fourth floor? Turn to 264 The fifth floor? Turn to 408 The sixth floor? Turn to 435 The seventh floor? - Turn to 273

=== SECTION 8 | PDF PAGE 11 ===

Leaving Strigoiva, you make your way towards the dark spur of trees that delineates the outermost extent of the forest. Gnarled and twisted tees arch over the path between them, forming a foliaged tunnel that leads into the depths of the woods, Between the crowded trunks and clutching branches, the forest is as dark as at dusk. Occasionally you hear the twitter cf birdsong or the distant shriek of « forest animal, but you see nothing. The forest has an uncanny quality to it that unnerves you. It has all the atmosphere of the woodlands of fairy tales and folk-lore. The dimming of the half-light that penetrates this tar beneath the trees tells you that mightis on its way. A clearing opens before you and you find yourself looking at the mirror-black surface of a woodland poo]. Traces of water-weed trail the surface amid patches of thick slime-green algae. The pool is a good hundred yards across but in the twilight you can see that the stragely path you are following wends its way around the edge of the lake to the far side. As you prepare to set off again, the sound of singing drifts to your ears over the water. It is a lilting, wordless tune that speaks to you of melancholic loneliness and a deep, dark sorrow. Roll two dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal to your current CHANGE score,turn to 64. If itis greater, Turn Eo 161

=== SECTION 9 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

Following the hinnel through the peak you come to a smaller cave from which a total of Ehree routes lead onwards. How will you progress now? Will you follow The tunnel from which emanates a musky animal smell? Turn to 433 The cobweb-plastered passageway? Turn to 415 The white quartz tunnel? Turn to 76

=== SECTION 10 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

Staring into the Countess' eyes and enraptured by the mesmerising tone of her voice, you forget why you Maun Tower in the first place. Suddenly all that matters is what the Lady is telling you: "You will be my agent of destruction. I know what you desire and | desire it too. Hunt down the wolf and slay it.' Her manservant is suddenly at her side, a small, teak chest, in his hands. Inside, lying on a bed of black velvet is an ornate Silver Dagger. 'Take this,' the Countess says, as her servant offers you the blade 'and if you succeed in your quest, I shall reward you beyond your wildest dreams.' Acting as if all free will has left you, you take the Silver Dagger (add it to your Adventure Sheet, along with the codeword Deliugeb). You may use the dagger in combat but, if you do so, you will have to fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. Injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to Heir kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm the Undead bul will only cause the usual a stamama points of Now go,' the Countess commands, and you leave her tower. Passing through Maun you head north into the hills, Turn to 450

=== SECTION 11 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

By the time you have trekked high into the hills to the dark, fortress-like structure, night has property fallen and the moon holds dominion over the land once more. The path between the peaks climbs a rocky escarpment, with a precipitous drop on one side and a sheer cliff on the other, until it finally stops in front of the stone-walled entrance to the building, the wall having been built across a narrow pass between the building. Beyond the rockface-wall, you can see the pointed pables and squat towers of another structure within the complex. You are standing in front of a sturdy, and secured, oak door. To one side a tallow-fat lamp flickers within a tiny recess, and on the other 1 side there hangs a knotted piece of rope that you take to bea bell pull. If you want to spend the night under shelter, you are going to have to gain access to the building, somehow. Will you ring the bell pull (turn to §8) or look for another possible way in first (turn to23)?

=== SECTION 12 | PDF PAGE 12 ===

After half an howr of searching, and with beads of feverish sweat prickling your brow despite the cold Ulrich suddenly cries out, 'Over here! I've found it!' You hurry to the spot where the woodsman is standing beside the bole of an aging oak. Growing there is the plant known as belladonna, or deadly nightshade, the herb you have been so desperately seeking. Quickly you pick a handful of sprigs and pop them into your mouth. But belladonna is poisonous and eating some makes you sick (lose 2 STAMINA points). By doing so however, you have also slowed the advance of the lycanthropy throughout your system (subtract 1 point from yOUr CHANGE score), Yet, despite this, some sixth sense tells you that it hasn't been enough to rid you of your affliction altogether. Unless you find another more effective cure, you are sill going to turn inle a wolf the next time the moon is full. Willi you now set off alter the wolf pack (hun to 473) or go in search of Grandmother Zekova (turn to 302)?

=== SECTION 13 | PDF PAGE 13 ===

You spend a restless night in your room, kept awake by strange and disturbing noises that fill you wilh a sense of dread. There is the clattering of hooves on cobbles, shcill whinnying, crazed cackling laughter and the moaning of an unearthly gale. Come the morning. you feel just as tired as you did on retiring '0 bed and in your weakened state, your inner wolf gains a greater hold on your body {add 1 te your CHANGE score). You leave The Gibbet Tree without secing another sout and set off again along the road north across the moors. Turn to 69

=== SECTION 14 | PDF PAGE 13 ===

Emerging from the tunnel, you enler a vasi chamber - a natural stone cathedral deep within the rock of sundered Peak. Hanging amid the stalactites suspended from the roof of the cavern are pendulous silk-wrapped egg-sacs, like Lhose made by spiders although each of these is as big asa treasure chesl. As vou cross the chamber, you detect movement above vou. Looking up into the glcom you see several of the sacs split open and the giant spider hatchlings emerge Each has a distinctive set of markings on its abdomen in the form of a grinning Death's Head, and each hatches with the instinctive desire to hunt! Rall one dice and add 1. This is the total number of spider hatchlings that attack you, Each of the hatchlings has the same statistics. Fight the emerging spiderlings one GIANT SPIDER HATCHLING sKIlL6 STAMINA 2 Lf you manage to battle your way through the hatch- ery, which route will you take out of the vast cavern again? Awide, circular tunnel? Turn to 122 A tunnel with its walls ninning with water? Turn to 4.05 Asteeply inclined cleft in one wall? Turn to 31 Anarrow, bwishng passage? Turn to 415

=== SECTION 15 | PDF PAGE 14 ===

You spend the next two days in the pleasant company of the Carnivale folk as they break camp and set off along the read east out of Balci. You feel rested and refreshed, and more positive about your whole situ- ation. The unsettling transformation you underwent also reversed itself come dawn the next day. (Restore up to 4 STAMINA points and 1 LUCK point.) Another day on the road brings you to the town of Vargenhof As the circus folk start setting up for another series of shows, you thank the Carnivale Master for his gener- osity of spirit but tell him that you must be on your way, and so wander off into the town. Turn to 500 ii, oh Pa he alg a i a

=== SECTION 16 | PDF PAGE 14 ===

You come to lying in a cold stone cell, lit by a single flickering oil-lamp. Awareness returns more quickly as you hear a disconcerting chirruping sound. You are not alone in the cell. Between you and the cell door scuttle two grotesquely overgrown cockroaches, Saw- ing their antennae together they move towards you You are going to have to fight them at the same ime First GLANT COCKROACH 7 6 Second GLANT COCKROACH 6 7 If you defeat the Cockroaches you manage to break the rusted lock of the cell door and, opening it, find yourself in a subterranean passageway. To your right the corridor comes to a dead end. You can either follow it left (turn to 421), or take another passage that mins perpendicular to this one straight ahead of you turn to 282

=== SECTION 17 | PDF PAGE 14 ===

Brandishing the holy symbol in font of the Vampiress causes her to recoil, throwing her hands up in front of her face, spitting like a wildcat. Turn to 245

=== SECTION 18 | PDF PAGE 15 ===

The savage Shuck is upon you. This demon dog has terrorised would-be pilgrims making the journcy {o the healing shrine of Saint Crucius for long enough Tonight, its reign of terror must come to an end SHUCK SKILL7 STAMINA Uf the Shuck wins three consecufive Attack Rounds turn at once to 30. If your battle with the hell-hound teaches the seventh Attack Round without a resolu- ton,turn to 9g. If you kill the beast before then, turn lo az

=== SECTION 19 | PDF PAGE 15 ===

The people of Wulfenstein have locked and barred their doors and windows, hiding from whatever it is that is making the dreadful, growling you can hear echoing along the village streets. Your hackles rise your wolfish senses recoiling in the presence of something bestial and malign. As you creep through the eerily empty streets, you hear panting and ihe scrape of claws on cobblestones. Shadows loom around a street comer... Something is coming ... Itis at that moment that a gaunt old man sticks his wild- haired head out from an alleyway and beckons lo you with a long-nailed finger. 'Stranger, if you want to live, come with me,' Will you Follow the mangy beggar? Tim to §9 Prepare to face whatever il is that's coming? Turn to 172 Trv to hide without the beggar's help? = Turn to 204

=== SECTION 20 | PDF PAGE 16 ===

The lycanthropy is steadily spreading throughou! your body and changes are being wrought al the core of your being. In fact, perversely the curse of the werewolf is making you physically stronger and more adept. Increase your current and Initial skit score by 1 point and your current and Initial STAMINA score by 2 points. You must also increase your CHANGE score by 1 point. And there are other changes that you are becoming aware of too, which might not be altogether unbeneficial. Roll one dice and turn to the paragraph indicated. Remember each of the following may occur only once. If you roll a number you have rolled before é Turn to 354

=== SECTION 21 | PDF PAGE 16 ===

With the wolf-monster that has terrorised Lupravia for so many years lying dead at your feet at last, you become aware of something flapping at the window of the Count's chambers. You gasp, truly taken aback to see a striking, platinum-haired woman, with skin as white as ivory, wrapped ina black cloak, suspended in the cold night air beyond the plass - the Countess Isolde of Maun! A cruel smile spreads across her

=== SECTION 22 | PDF PAGE 16 ===

blood-red lips revealing the points of elongated fangs and she transfixes you once more with her mesmer- ising stare, You cannot help yourself as, compelled by apersuasive voice inside your head, you step forward open the window, and invite the Countess into the tower chamber. 'Well done, my pet, she purrs. "You have served me well, Ever since the days of the Cadre Infernal I have sought power over these lands, but thanks to the ritual we enacted that night, so many Fears ago, Count Varcolac of the ruling House of Wulfen has had power over me and the others. For as beng as he lived, and the demon protected him, I could 4 | fot act against him: nor could Serpensa, the widow Aranaea, or the Abbot. But now that you, one of his awn line, have deposed him, I am free to take up the reins of power and seize control of all Lupravia.' You ave in the thrall of the vampiric Lady of Maun, and have been ever since she bewitched you in her tower So it is Uhat there is nothing you can do to stop her Fou are utterly under her control. Count Varcolac may be gone, but Lupravia will remain in the grip of evil e@mly now under the rule of the House of Maun and Vampiress Isolde. You will serve her loyally, as her wolf-thrall. When it seemed that, against all the odds Fou had beaten the Curse of the Werewolf, the Curse of the Vampire has thwarted you at the last. You have failed in your mission, Your adventure is over With such a large target and aft such a close range there eras never any question of you missing. The rod buries wself deep inside the torso of the hulking golem but it

=== SECTION 23 | PDF PAGE 17 ===

does not even slow the brute. With clanking: steps i slalks towards you. It isat that moment that lightning sirikes the windnull again. Scintillatine flashes o! elemental energy explode around the laboratory shattering dials and sething fire to banks of arcane equipment. All of this raw storm-force finds iis way to the lighming rod that you have just plunged inte the golem, with devastating effect. The man-made monster shudders where it stands, as the full force o! the storm passes through its metallic components. Its dead flesh cooks to a blackened cinder while it metallic parts melt and fuse together. Eventually the whele mined creation topples over backwards and crashes onto the floor of the laboratory. Add 1 Luce point for deleating such a dangerous enemy without having to resort to physical combat and turn to 169

=== SECTION 24 | PDF PAGE 17 ===

To your left at the base of the wall, where it merges with the natural rock face, is a grilled culvert, the rusted bars clad with moss. An unpleasant odour, a blend of raw effluent and damp-rat, rises from the tunnel. Even without your lycanthropy-heightened senses the stink would make your eyes water. You test the resistance of the bars and, with little eHort, the grille twists in the hole. You do not fancy sealing the high, sheer wall in front of you in the pitch darkness nor, as the temperabure drops, do you fancy spending another night in the open: so if you want to enter this place you are going bo have to try the culvert (turn to 39) or cing the bell (tum to 58 Taking a firm hold of the stones at the lip of the pit vou carefully lower yourself over the edge, down into the darkness. There are plenty of hand- ane fool-holds 0 be found but the stones lining the pit are slick with slime. The air in the shaft smells of damp, fungal matter. Tes! your Luck. If you are Lacky, you reach the ') battom of the pit safely (fim to 221). If you are Unlucky, turn te 121
