Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 6 of 30

Range: SECTION 73 through SECTION 86



=== SECTION 73 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The Cadaver drops to the Hoor and is motionless again, as Doktor Kafka sits up, rubbing his head. 'She knows we are coming!' Van Richten hisses, his expression as dark as ever. "The situation is even more dire than I had imagined.' While you are hunting down the Vampiress, she will be preparing for your arcival; keep track of how mruch advance waming she 7 hasby means of an ALARM rabng. Write down on your Adveriure Sheet that your ALARM rating is currently 1 Any combats you tackle from now on, until you are informed ctherwise, you will face with Van Richten fighting at your side. When faced with hwo opponents you need only fight the first one to win that battle, as Vampire Hunter, who is a consummate swords- man, will do away with the other. His attributes are SKILL 16, STAMINA g. If you face only one opponent you will gain twa Attacks, both of which can injure that opponent. In this case, if injuries are sustained they will only effect you on a dice roll of 1-3. Keep a careful note of Van Richten's STAMINA score as well If he dies in battle you will have to continue alone Cross off the codeword Nethcir from your Adventure Sheet This Hime we were gone,' Van Richten says, eager tobe away. The two of you set off for the home of the Countess Isolde, the forbidding Tower of Maun. Turn to 56

=== SECTION 74 | PDF PAGE 36 ===

Descending the steps, you find yourself in the damp musty tunnels of the castle's dungeon levels. Ir is as you are exploring these chambers and corridors that you hear a wailing howl, the like of which you have heard before in the realm of the Lords of Lupravia. As you prepare to defend yourself, something resembling a decomposing wolf erupts from the darkness Snatling with insane hunger, the Werewarg attacks WEREWARG RKILLF STAMINA If you are wounded more than twice, add 2 to your CHANGE score, If you kill the undead werewolf you decide that these dungeons have nothing more to offer you and so re turn to where you first entered the castle. Will you now take the other passageway that leads from the hall (turn to 319), or climb the staircase to the second set of double doors (turn to 146)?

=== SECTION 75 | PDF PAGE 36 ===

Itisa daringly honest move, but one which pays off Then I think we can help you,' the monk says in response to your brave admission. 'Come with me.' He leads you inside the complex, taking you to the Abbey's herbalist, This monk is robed like the first, his face hidden, but he welcomes you into his warkshep where he quickly sets lo work. In no time at all it seems, he has prepared you a concoction made fram the distilled essences of various plants. You give ita sniff: the panacea smells strongly of mint. "This clixir is something of my own making. There is a litte valerian in there, and a drop or bwo of belladonna extract, along with other ingredients, but it should do the trick. Now, drink deeply and finish all of the draught.' With nervous excitement you take the elixir from the herbalist. Could this really be the end to your quest? Could it really be this simple? Do you want to down the draught in one go, as the monk instructed? Iisa, turn to 91; if not, barn to 108

=== SECTION 76 | PDF PAGE 36 ===

With a wailing cry from the Headless Highwayman the phantom horse launches itself skyward. Meg screams as she too is carried off, the horse palloping away towards the cold orb of the moon and into the next world. Meg and the Highwayman were lovers in life and afler lus death she recovered his severed head Tuloring herself in the Dark Arts, she used the skull to summon his spirit back to the Barthly Plane to be with her. By your actions you have broken her evil spell and banished the ghost of Lord 'Filthy' Lucre back to the hell where he belongs. (Regain 1 LUCK point.) The last discernible words you hear are Meg's. "No, nat like this!' she screams. 'Tt wasn't meant to be like this!' And then the ghostly rider and his sorceress lover are gone. The only sound that remains is that of the wind whistling over the moors Considering what you have been party to at The Gibbet Tree there is no way that you can stay here a moment longer. It will be a night on the moors for you after all Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, moming comes cold and grey and you are on your way again (tium to 69 If you are Unlucky, turn to 466

=== SECTION 77 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

Taking a firm hold of the Iron Red you hurl it at the construct-creahure as if it were a spear. Test your Skill If you are successful, tucn lo 22, 1f you fail, incredibly you miss your target (tuum bo 152

=== SECTION 78 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

On the verge of screaming, you clin out of the Hall Mirrors, overwhelmed by the feelings of paranoia and claustrophobia. Add 1 to your CHANGE score and make sure that the codeword Eadrts is recorded on yourAdpenturc Shect before turn to 167

=== SECTION 79 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

*natching the crone's Cook Book from your pack you > 'lick fo the correct page and begin tnloning the Transfiguration Spell. As the words of power lake 2ffect you walch as Varcolac doubles up in pain, his cody wracked by further changes. His fangs and claws lengthen further, as do his arms and Jegs. The Transfiguration Spell has certainly worked on the Count, but it has made him even more like the savage wolf he is steadily becoming; it has not had the cippling influence you had hoped. When youcome 'o fight the Arch-Lycanthrope you must add 1 SKILL aoint and 3 STAMINA points to his statistics before you resolve the combat. Wath a roar of rage, the Varcolac- wolf leaps at you, teeth bared. Lose 1 Luck point and turn to 150

=== SECTION 80 | PDF PAGE 37 ===

Approaching the wide-arched entrance to the sanc- cuary of the church, you hear an ominous staccato drumming. The sound betrays the presence of your would-be ambushers, Two robed monks emerge Irom either side of the pillared archway, They are dressed in the same all-enclosing black robes but, as they move to attack, the hood of one of the monks falls back from his head. With a sharp intake of breath you see that his head is halfway between that of a cockroach and a man, as black and hard as obsidian. As the mandibled monk hisses at you, malformed jaws clacking, the second monk advances, reaching for you from within the voluminous sleeves of his habit. The sleeves fall back bo reveal mants-like claws where ihe monk's arms should be. You have no choice but to fight the Black Monks together SKILL STAMINA MANDIBLED MONK 7 7 MANTIS MONK 8 6 If you manage to defeat both mulated monks, turn bo 262

=== SECTION 81 | PDF PAGE 38 ===

As you unsheathe the Wulfen Sword you see some- thing like recognition in the Werewolf's eyes and the creature recoils from you, allowing you to get in an uncontested strike before it retaliates. As with any other were-creature, the Wulfen Sword will cost the Arch-Lycanthrope 3 STAMINA points of damage rather than the usual 2) with every successful strike However, the sword seems to held some other power over the transformed Varcolac and for the duration of your battle against the monshous Prince of Lupravia px, EES You may teduce his siti score by 1 point. Regain 1 LUCK point for having this advantage and turn to 150

=== SECTION 82 | PDF PAGE 38 ===

Wandering the market square you find all manner of peddlers and traders selling their goods. But one stall attracts your particular attention. It is hung with a garish banner declaring that it belongs to "Plumbus Gelt = Alchemist and Metallurgist'. Do you want to spend a little time perusing the alchemist's stall (turn to 54) or would you rather scour the market square for more practical items of equipment (turn to 170)? Altematively, if you wish, you may join the hunting party in front of the meeting hall (burn to 201) or simply quit Lhe town (hirn to 507

=== SECTION 83 | PDF PAGE 38 ===

Retracing your steps, you make your way back through the tabyninthine ruins. You pass through a broken colonnade of gargoyle-infested columns. The smal] stone carvings of the demonic imps glower down at you with malevolenidly narrowed eyes and leering, fang-filled smiles. A sinister, high-pitched chuckle echoes from the broken walls either side of you, followed by the abrasive sound of stone scraping on stone. In the encroaching darkness you glimpse movement, but what you think you see causes you to doubt your own eyes. it must be a trick of the failing half-lighl Then you see it again, and now there cannot be any doubl. The stone-carved imps, which moments before were clinging lo the lops of the shattered columns, are scrambling down from their perches and advancing towards you, predatory smiles wide, stone claws outstretched. The malefic presence haunting this place has taken physical form, manifesting in the animated stone imps. Once again you find yourself fighting for your life. Fight the Grinnyeogs at the same time SKILL STAMINA First GRINNYGOG 6 5 second GEINNYGOG 5 6 Third GRINNYGOG 7 6 Fourth GRINNYGOG 6 5 If you win, the malicious sentience animating the stone imps is forced to quit the statues. The Grinny- gogs shatter, now just so many shards of splintered stone, Unable to rid yourself of the lingering feeling of unease YOU hurry away from the ruins as quickly as you can. Turn to 144

=== SECTION 84 | PDF PAGE 39 ===

Unable ta haul yourself out of the bog you continue to sink. Soon the clinging mud is up to your neck. Finally with a disgusting sucking belch, the bog closes over your head and swallows you up. Your eyes see nothing but smothering darkness as the bog draws » you down into its foetid depths. You involuntarily gasp for air, swamp water rushing in to fill your lungs You drown in the depths of the bog. Your life and your adventure are over

=== SECTION 85 | PDF PAGE 39 ===

Cutting the bodies free of the webs, you are not sucprised to find that they are those of two dead zoblins. They are wearing rough hide clothes and have small leather backpacks. In one you find a pouch <ontaining a lotal of 8 Gold Pieces and in the other no money, buta finely crafted Silver Dagger instead. The byo goblins were obviously thieves but it looks like they got their come-uppance. Where they stole the dagger from, you have ne idea Irvou take the Silver Dagger, add it to your Equipment jist and write the codeword Sanbog on your Adventure siicet, You may alse use the dagger in combat, if you wish, but because it is not as long as your sword p cor balanced in the same way; if you do so you must tight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point Injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were' in its name, however, will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA Points rather than the usual 2}. The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and demons but only causes such creatures the usual 2 STAMINA points damage There is nothing else here thatis of interest or value to you so, before the weavers of the webs return, you leave the cave. Retuim to 368 to choose your way cut Qui Ren My Cre ee ai, (tee ¥ = kT : i "I 3 ie t | Wiis Uy? (ONS) \ , : At , ' é, s | 'ZN fas 2 Sa ZN Wes Wha) Soe f si ! ' a AVA" \. S Se \4 ae eal Blim,,,; eS Lega | Se = FA, sy lid A fe A The Order of the Black Rose," you state confidently The old man looks you up and down once more and then hurriedly ushers you inside, securing the door firmiy behind you Well met, friend,' comes a familiar voice from a darkened comer of the room and the Vampire Hunter Van Richten, emerges from the shadows, He is obviously pleased to see you but his expression is still a dark mask, Having formally Introduced you to Doklor Kafka, the three of you retire to the surgean's crude operating theatre, You are taken aback to see that the surgeon appears to be part-way through an awopsy - the partially dissected body lies on a blood- stained table, draped with a filthy sheet. You find yourself wondering what sort of people you have pot yourself mixed up with Wilh the three of you secreted away in the Doktor's lab, Van Richten tells you of the quest that has brought you here. 'As you know, I am a renowned Yampire Hunter, and the blocdsucker I am currently wailing keeps the people of this place in her thrall.' Yan Richten certainly has you in his thrall now Whe is this life-leech?' you ask The one whose greatest concern should be the welfare of the people who owe her fealty, the noblewoman who claims authority over this village and its environs Lady of Maun herself - Countess Isolde. I have tarried too long and been delayed by distractions of her making enough already but with your help I can put an end to her. Let us ready ourselves and then be on our way, for ime is very much of the essence.' There is a movernent fom under the sheet covering the corpse. All eyes turn to the autopsy table. "We have been overheard!' Kafka cries. An arm, grey-green with rot, throws the sheetaside and the surgeon's dissection subject sits up. You gag in horror at the sight of the disembowelled corpse as it rises to its feet. A clay-like fist lashes out and Doktor Kafka is sent crashing ta the floor, unconscious. Van Richten reacts immediately unsheathing his rapier blade with a practised flourish but you are the one closest to the reanimated cadaver You arm yourself as the undead cadaver bears down on you with throttling hands outstretched CADAVER sxILL 8 (see below) STAMINA 9 (see below Doktor Kafka has already begun to dissect the corpse and as a result its performance may be affected. Rell one dice to see which crucial part, or parts, of the bedy the surgeon has removed and alter the Cadaver's slats accordingly Dice Part(s Roll = Removed Effect 1-2 = Brain Reduce its skILL by 1 point I-4 Heart Reduce its STAMINA by 2 points 5 Brain and Reduce both ibs attributes as Heart described above 6 Intestines Noeffect In the cramped confines of the lab, you must fight the first hwo Attack Rounds against the corpse alone ie After that Van Richten is able fo Join the fight, so you effectively have two Atacks to the Cadaver's one The Vampire Hunter has a skKiLL score of ic but any successful strikes made by the corpse are deducted from your STAMINA score, a5 you ate the one it is trying to kill. Also, if the Cadaver wins hwo Attack Rounds in a row, it grabs you by the throat and throtles you for an extra 2 STAMINA points of damage If you win your Aight with the Doktor's dissection subject, turn ta 73

=== SECTION 86 | PDF PAGE 40 ===

The Order of the Black Rose," you state confidently The old man looks you up and down once more and then hurriedly ushers you inside, securing the door firmiy behind you Well met, friend,' comes a familiar voice from a darkened comer of the room and the Vampire Hunter Van Richten, emerges from the shadows, He is obviously pleased to see you but his expression is still a dark mask, Having formally Introduced you to Doklor Kafka, the three of you retire to the surgean's crude operating theatre, You are taken aback to see that the surgeon appears to be part-way through an awopsy - the partially dissected body lies on a blood- stained table, draped with a filthy sheet. You find yourself wondering what sort of people you have pot yourself mixed up with Wilh the three of you secreted away in the Doktor's lab, Van Richten tells you of the quest that has brought you here. 'As you know, I am a renowned Yampire Hunter, and the blocdsucker I am currently wailing keeps the people of this place in her thrall.' Yan Richten certainly has you in his thrall now Whe is this life-leech?' you ask The one whose greatest concern should be the welfare of the people who owe her fealty, the noblewoman who claims authority over this village and its environs Lady of Maun herself - Countess Isolde. I have tarried too long and been delayed by distractions of her making enough already but with your help I can put an end to her. Let us ready ourselves and then be on our way, for ime is very much of the essence.' There is a movernent fom under the sheet covering the corpse. All eyes turn to the autopsy table. "We have been overheard!' Kafka cries. An arm, grey-green with rot, throws the sheetaside and the surgeon's dissection subject sits up. You gag in horror at the sight of the disembowelled corpse as it rises to its feet. A clay-like fist lashes out and Doktor Kafka is sent crashing ta the floor, unconscious. Van Richten reacts immediately unsheathing his rapier blade with a practised flourish but you are the one closest to the reanimated cadaver You arm yourself as the undead cadaver bears down on you with throttling hands outstretched CADAVER sxILL 8 (see below) STAMINA 9 (see below Doktor Kafka has already begun to dissect the corpse and as a result its performance may be affected. Rell one dice to see which crucial part, or parts, of the bedy the surgeon has removed and alter the Cadaver's slats accordingly Dice Part(s Roll = Removed Effect 1-2 = Brain Reduce its skILL by 1 point I-4 Heart Reduce its STAMINA by 2 points 5 Brain and Reduce both ibs attributes as Heart described above 6 Intestines Noeffect In the cramped confines of the lab, you must fight the first hwo Attack Rounds against the corpse alone ie After that Van Richten is able fo Join the fight, so you effectively have two Atacks to the Cadaver's one The Vampire Hunter has a skKiLL score of ic but any successful strikes made by the corpse are deducted from your STAMINA score, a5 you ate the one it is trying to kill. Also, if the Cadaver wins hwo Attack Rounds in a row, it grabs you by the throat and throtles you for an extra 2 STAMINA points of damage If you win your Aight with the Doktor's dissection subject, turn ta 73
