Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 17 of 29

Range: SECTION 284 through SECTION 302



=== SECTION 284 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Higher up the tower, on the fourth floor, you come to a long corridor lined with large portraits in heavy frames. They depict various members of the same aristocratic family, their shared likeness being a hungry, hawkish look Some of the paintings must be several hundred years old. They range from gaunt- looking old men in ill-fitting suits of ceremorial armour to full-length portraits of a striking, platinwmn- haired young woman. In fact, there are more paintings of her than any other person on display. One repre- sentation of the noblewoman in particular grabs your attention. Realised in eatth-toned oils and broad brushstrokes, it shows the subject standing before crenelated battlements, a stormy night's sky behind her and the silhouettes of bats and carrion birds flitting across the glowing orb of the moon. You feel as if the woman is staring from the canvas directly into your eyes, and are suddenly overwhelmed by the feeling that you are being watched. (Add 1 to your ALARM score and make sure the codeword Dehetaw is recorded on your Aduenture Skeet.) Unable to shake the feeling of unease this has left you with you hasten away from the gallery and try another floor of the

=== SECTION 285 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Somehow you manage to master the beaat struggling to free itself from inside the fleshy cage of your body for just a few more precious moments. You might stil get out of this alive, and still human! Regain 1 Luck point and barn to 189

=== SECTION 286 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

The black mist rushes out of the chamber with inhuman speed, leaving you alone in the palatial domed room. The vampiric Countess has retreated to one of her hidden ooffin-sanctuaries to recuperate i | Although you have won a victory over her, it is only temporary. The vampinc Lady of Maun will return, of that you can be assured! (Lose 1 Luc point and add the codeword Deednu to your Adventure Sheet.) Alone "at the top of the tower, will you spend some time searching the Countess' chambers for valuables or artefacts of power (barn to 325), or will you quit this place of evil as quickly as you can (tur to 346)?

=== SECTION 287 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Of course, it seems so obvious to you now. The © elemental is a creature of ice and cold, so heat would be a natural defence against it. Quickly, you pulll your tinderbox from your backpack. Using the kindling f] L

=== SECTION 288 | PDF PAGE 109 ===

you carry with you, you light a small fire and are able to get a dry tree branch io burn. Waving your burming brand in front of you, you force the sprite back and out of your way. Frost and snow and chill winds blow, the warming comes away we go!' the creature shrieks and then seems to evaporate into thin air Regain 1 Luck pomt and hum te 314 Changing course you pick your way through the undergrowth towards the lilting music and flickering Firelight. It does not take long to reach the encamp- ment, which has been made in a sheltered clearing. A number of brightly painted wagons have been drawn up ln a rough rele, the horses and mules that brought them here now freed of their traces and grazing nearby. At the centre of the ring of wagons a large fire is burning furiously, and dancing barefoot before the flames is a beautiful young woman. She lifts her skirts aa she dances, as her legs kick and leap, bracelets around her wrists and ankles jangling, providing a percussive accompaniment to the accordion. There are other people present too, sitting around the fire clapping in time to the music. They are dressed in brightly coloured skirts and trews, waistcoats and shawls. All of them are ollve of skin and dark of hair and all of them show their wealth about their person im an ostentatious fashion, gold-hoop earrings necklaces of semi-precious stones and large rings These are the Mortani gypsies, native people of ihe cursed land of Lupravia, descendants of the original nomadic tribespeople who first settled the mountain- shaded valleys of Mauristatia. A few of them give you sideways glances as you approach, bui none try to stop you. And all the time the music drums its way through you. Roll two dice and add 2 to the number Tolled. If the total 1s less than or equal to your CHANGE score, burn fo 336; if itis greater, turn to 423

=== SECTION 289 | PDF PAGE 109 ===

Thankfully, despite her terrible ordeal, the old woman 6 shill alive, although badly injured. The kind-hearted woodsman takes Grandmother Zekova up in his arms and carries her to her bed, where he does his best io make her comfortable. Her eyes flickering, between tagged gasps, she says, 'Ulrich, is that you?' Tt is, Grandmother,' he replies, his voice low and So what brings you to my cottage, so fortuitously, at this late hour?' she wheezes You listen anxlously a3 Ulrich relates the eventa that have Jed you both to this polnt. The old woman takes m all he has to say with remarkable calmness. When he is done she tums her head to look at you. "So you have been bitten by a lycanthyope and now carry the same dread disease?" You nod wearily. 'Lycanthropy ts a temible and cnppling curée indeed, but you are fortunate to have met Ulnich this night, and that he had the foresight to bring you to me. But ifl am to help you now, you must tell me again aboul the creature that attacked you." If you have a Sipnet Ring,turn to 36g. [F not, turn to 326

=== SECTION 290 | PDF PAGE 110 ===

Picking up the transformed hand you hur! it into the lire with a scream of rage and then watch as the fingers blacken and burn, the flesh crisping and crackling in Thea lam deomed,' you say, in utter despair as you gaze inlo the fire. 'Doomed lo become a creature of bloodthirsty appetiles I shall be unable lo contro! when the moon waxes full. I shall be an outcast, an animal, a murderous beast." (Add 4 poinls to your Maybe not,' Ulich says, foung you with an unnerving slare, There is something old and forbidding about the dark pits of his cyes, as if there is something clse looking out of Ubnich at you. "There may soll be hope -for you.' There is? Then what is to be done? You press the woodsman to tell you more. What does he know that you do not? ee) oo =e -- Sere. ail i Fe i; i T know of bwo cures for lycanthropy, but we wall have lo act quickly." Ulrich will help you? But why? 'Let us just say that we all have our secrets." So what are the cures? 'The surest way, is to find the werewolf thal infecled you wilh its bite, and kill it You could also vat a sprig of the herb belladonna, if you could find some. And there is one other course of action we could take, We could seek the assistance of Grandmother fekova, the wisest person I know, who lives further inlo these woods, over the border in Lupravia. But it is up to you. What do you want to do?' Will you Pursue the wolves in Lhe hope of hunting dow'n the animal) that bit you? Turn to 473 Search the woods for the herb bulladonna? Turn to 195 Goin search of the wisewoman Grand- mother Zckova? Turn to 402

=== SECTION 291 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

The staircase leading to the windmill's lower levels is on fire so, in a feat of courageous derring-do, you throw yourself out of the top of the building, landing on one of the ragged, broken-battened sails, and allow the sails' rotation bo carry you down to the ground Dropping the last six feet, you run hell-for-leather away from the blazing structure as its dilapidated framework finally gives in to the ravages of the raging conflagration and the storm, and collapses in on itsell You spend the rest of the night being battered by the unrelenting storm and when morning comes you co on your way, weacy wilh sleep-deprivation and soaked to the skin, but nonetheless grateful to be alive Turn ta 500

=== SECTION 292 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

You spot the large, flat, circular boulder almost flush with the floor of the cave just in time to escape the attempt on your life that follows. The stone flips up like an opening hatch, and a huge, hairy brown spider - aver ten feet in diameter - leaps out of the hole now revealed in the cavern floor. The arachnid's powerful grasping front limbs hit the recky floor barely a foot from you bul, realising that its surprise attack has failed, the Giant Trapdeor Spider retreats inta its hole pulling the boulder back into place over the top of its tunnel to protect itself, Do you want to heave the stone out of the way and take the fight to the spider (turn le 514) or would you rather get away from here as quickly as possible (turn fo 236}?

=== SECTION 293 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

As soon as you wade into the slimy pool the magents* blind heads turn lowards you, drawn to your body- heat. Unperturbed, with one hand on the pommel of another across the lake of coze. The slime sucks at your sword, you take one determined step aller your feet; it feels just like walking through a clinging swamp.A bloated maggot rolls over and bumps into your leg, making you jump, but the fly jarvae do not altack. They are only interested m consuming dead ' ilesh, You are halfway across the disgusting cavern when your foot knocks against something under the surface of the slime. De you want to reach mto the slime to pick up whatever itis you have inadvertently - found (turn ta 307), or will you keep going without stopping, justin case (furn to 322)?

=== SECTION 294 | PDF PAGE 111 ===

Grendel, Ki!' the sirengman shouts, releasing his Adld on the beast's chain. With a bellow the hulking east bounds lowards you, the knuckles of its massive asts dragging on the ground, as the strongman and arc-eater arm themselves with long knives and advance towards you. You must always fight twa of Your opponents at the same time (in whatever combt- ation you choose), until there is only one left alive >TRONGMAN g 8 RE-EATER 7 6 i? ihe Grendel-beast scores a hit against you roli onc

=== SECTION 295 | PDF PAGE 112 ===

dice; on a roll of 6 the creature's massive club Ast cause You 3 points of sTaMINa damage. If you lose Attack Rounds ina row (to any of your opponents Fire-Eater breathes a gout of flame at you, causing you an additional 2 STAMINA points' damage. If you overcome all three opponents, you can either flee the Carnivale straight away (horn to 29), or Hisk continuing your search of the camp (tum to 281), but whatever you choose to do, add the codeword Reflik to your Adventure Sheet first You snatch up the skull and then, there in front of you is the headless ghost once again. You have no choice but to fight as the Headless Highwayman tries to HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN semL_B 5TamMmas If you win, you hurl the skull onto the cobbles of the stable yard where it smashes into bony shards. Turn to 7G anes Vie ae "ioe. ow

=== SECTION 296 | PDF PAGE 112 ===

Talking to the cheerful smith does not tell you any- 'hing about the malaise affecting the people of Maun Mt you do get on to the subject of your own quest 9 Without revealing any of the pertinent - and Bstentialky contentious - details, you do tell him that Fu could do with some help. 'Then you should try Betnniass'Isoldeathe Lady of MaureTowers She ts a "srceress, I'm sure she would be willing and able to help you. And then there are the Black Monks, they meght be able to help too. You'll find them at their abbey, north of here.' Do you want to take the smith @on his advice and seek an audience with the Lady Maun (turn to 255), or will you press on and quit > the village (tum to 950)?

=== SECTION 297 | PDF PAGE 112 ===

As you descend the staircase the shadows deepen, as Ge wall-mounted torches peter out. The crypt itselFis etch black and you will need a lantern if you are © progress any further, If you have a lantern, the Mghi Creature special ability or the codeword Nether written on your Adventure Sheet, you can enter the > Svpt safely (tum tc 329). If you don't have any of the ove, but still want to risk entering the crypt, turn to > 39. If you don't want to enter the crypt after ail, burn 7 to choose ancther floor of the tower to explore LJ Weiler giaeysy wk © free bas rae fete Seat ces, pee Lp ya be Fe VME a Le poe fi Qe Cae ry has ae he cae Qe i a --- «a ' i | | Hl Pg F ee Tae a di <j "il f= + Aion! a a! |. a" eos" OF iso ee 'a Lata Ve) a ener s eee Alli Ls ai. ot ide - VE ie dd PE, one? nlf ee

=== SECTION 298 | PDF PAGE 113 ===

=he mist thickens in front of you, coalescing into the slape ofa grotesque, phantasmatl creature. Everything out it is a macabre exaggeration of what a wolf "ould be in life; horrific dagger-length fangs soredding scythe-hook claws, blazing coal-cyes and aut incessant wailing howl. You have no choice but to Jefend yourself against the leader of the spectral pack = you dipped your sword in water earlier, turn to 276

=== SECTION 299 | PDF PAGE 113 ===

Sssing from the depths of your subconscious comes a jyme that you remember being taught asa child Beware the Shiversprite, wy dear, when tee moon Sharp of claw and spintdle-limbed he is, and curring With toy breath and freezing touch fre brings the Bail Witter hungers and as teeth, wy luoe, anid sharpened ones at that So bewre the Shiversprite, my dear, tole Hie Maon is fied." Te caulionary rhyme was more than just a child's stllime tale, it was a warning for those who might sad themselves at the mercy of one of Grandfather "inter's minions. The ditty even tells you the cle sental creature's name and to know such a being's se lame is to have power over it. "Shiversprite!' ecu shout. Hearing you utter ils name, the creature most jumps out of its icy skin. Without a moment's

=== SECTION 300 | PDF PAGE 114 ===

hesitation you declare the sprite to 'Begone!' With an @ar-piercing shriek the elemental appears to evaporate and 15 gone. Turn to 314

=== SECTION 301 | PDF PAGE 114 ===

Count Yarcolac, Prince of Lupravia, Were-Lord of Wulfen Castle and first of his cursed werewoif blood- line lies dead at your feet. You have exacted your revenge on this monstrous byrant, this begetter of wolf spawn. Bot whal is this? Even as you are looking down at Vartcolac's corpse in tiumph you see the many wounds you inflicted on him knit and heal bloodlessly. The werewoll's eyes flick open but now they burn like the fiery pits of hell itself. Your hackles rise and suddenly a series of vision-memories thal are not your own assail your conscious mind You see ive gathered within shadow-haunted ruins - a monk, a sorceress, a black-shrouded widow, a noblewoman and a younger Count Varcolac - as they embark upon some unholy ritual. In your mind's eye you see them cast treasures, valuable to each, into a pit of darkness. You hear the chanted invocation, see eA "7h <% LL A =< ££ L_- =< °° the silver-wrought daggers they have consecrated for ' their dark rite, feel the gathered Cadre's fear and excited anticipation. And then you briefly glimpse the i thing they surmmon forth from the Infernal Pit, a wolfish demon, its insubstantial flesh black as an evil man's dreams, snarling like a caged beast. 'You see the demon possess the astounded Count and witness his transformation into a Wolf for the first time > You understand now what is happening under your appalled gaze, The demon the Cadre summoned which possessed the rakish young prince and wrought its changes so dramatically upon him, is resurrecting Count Varcolac's werewolf body from the dead. But what can you do to stop this demonic resurrection? If you have the codeword Degnakc recorded on your Adventure Sheel, turn to 399 immediately. If not, have you collected any Silver Daggers dunng your adventure? If you have collected no daggers at alll turn to 133. [f you have collected five daggers and 'know what todo with them, turn to the relevant page number you noted down earlier. If you have less than five daggers, or you do not know what to do with yo There are various chapters within Grynm's Foik-lore and the pages of wooden-block print are accompanied by woodcut illustrations of subjects such as a man extracting the stone from a toad's head and a hag being put to the ducking-stool. Much of Gnpmm is knowledge thai any peasant child would Imow. But in

=== SECTION 302 | PDF PAGE 115 ===

a chapter entitled 'Of Myths Concerning the Cycles of Year', the author writes about beliefs surrounding the changing of the seasons, stating ihat such times of transition are when elemental forces, tied to the different times of the year, have most influence in the world. The seasons themselves are given the per- srufications of Mistress Springtime, the Sumuner Lord, Dame Autumn and Grandfather Winter by the peasant folk of Lupravia, whose lives and livelihoods are closely bound to the seasonal cycles. The chapter describes one of these elementals, a minion of Old Man Winter, called the Shiversprile, who heralds winler's retum, bringing hard frosts and sudden blizzards. You reach the end of the chapter just as Vereticus retums to the library. Turn to a60
