Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 13 of 29

Range: SECTION 208 through SECTION 227



=== SECTION 208 | PDF PAGE 81 ===

Once you are past the axe-blade, you hear a grind- ing of pears and the pendulum stops swinging Opening the door at the end of the corridor you enter 3 circular turret room. The chamber has no windows > but is lit by hundreds of candles, some fixed to weought-iron candelabra, many stuck on tap of the melted remains of others. The guttering candlelight is also reflected from a circular black mirror on the opposite side of the room. However, as soon as you enter the room, something takes a step forwards that stops you in your tracks. A great mass of wax, roughly humancid in shape, heaves itself towards you, wicks still buming all over it, liquid tallow fat canning from its inconstant surface. If you are quick, you will be able to escape the room and its guardian, slamming the door behind you and re turning to the Map Reom without having to Fight (hum to 321}. If you want to stay, however, you are going to have to fight as the magically animated creature reaches for you with burning, taper-fingers WAX GOLEM SKILL§ STAMINA 10 you win an Attack Round against the Golem and > vou are fighting it using a bladed weapon, such as a sword or a dagger, roll one dice. On a roll of 6 your blade sticks in the waxy body of the creature and you mnust fight the next round of combat with your Attack Sarength reduced by 2 points as you try to free your blade. If you defeat the room's curious guardian, turn ip 264

=== SECTION 209 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

There is something strange going on within the Carnivale, of that you are sure, but what exactly? You feel that the only way you are going to be able to find out more is if you sneak back this evening under the cover of darkness to investigate further. If you want to do this, turn to 248. If not, turn to 90

=== SECTION 210 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

The Cadre Infernal? Why yes, I can tell you something of the cult's resurgence, J investigated them when I was a member of another secret society, that went under the name of the Order of he Black Rese.' Vereticus' tone is both conspiratorial and excited at having someone with whom to share his carefully gleaned knowledge. 'Twenty years ago, the members of the newly reformed Cadre sought to increase their temporal power in this world through magical means- have learned! that there were five of them altogether I have not yet been able to discover the identities of therm all. Ido know that one of them was the Lady Aranaea, who had been married and widowed five times by fhe time she joined the group. All of her husbands has died under mysterious circumstances eaming her the nickname 'Black Widow". But I digress. The group somehow managed to carry out a Summoning Ceremony, calling up a fell demon from Infernal Pit to grant them all their selfish wishes. I have also found out that the ritual involved the use of five specially consecrated silver daggers. At first all Cadre's members became more powerful but they steadily began to change, corrupted by the evil power 7 they had unleashed, ont at least bvo of them had lost more than they had ever gained by taking part in the ceremony, More than that I do not know.' If you have Silver Dagger, turn to 165. Lf net, you should now eum back to 260 and continue reading the paragraph

=== SECTION 211 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

Your initial assumption was correct; there is nothing Value at all in this effluent sump. But all the while you have been wading around in the foul pool the heat of your bedy has lured something ever closer. As you are considering how to leave the chamber, the sinking sludge erupts in front of you and a snaking pallid white form rises from the pool. An eyeless worm-like head sways from side to side in front of You, its leech-like mouth opening and closing mena- emgly. Sudden as a striking cobra, the overgrown GIANT TAPEWORM SKILL 7 STAMINA 6G H you slay the vile tapeworm, you are free to leave the detritus chamber Will you take the funnel directly ahead of you (tum bo 227) or the one to your left (turn i 242}?

=== SECTION 212 | PDF PAGE 82 ===

The intense heat of the roaring flames already scorch- > mg your eyebrows, you pick out three potions that particularly capture your interest. Wil! you drink a potion that is a deep red in colour and smoking (turn i 231), one thatis a lurid green, syrupy liquid (turn to 1 253) or down the bubbling contents of a bottie that ial [4 continually changes its hue (turn to277)?7 Alternatively you could leave all of them and flee the buming building {turn to 292

=== SECTION 213 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

Unable to resist the call of the Daughters you join the wretched maidens in their spiralling dance, their enchanbnent ightening about you until you forget even the need to breathe, And so it is that you are saved from the curse of lycanthropy as you are lured to a watery grave. Your bones will be picked clean by the creature that calls the depths of the Drowning Pool its domain. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 214 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

The silence of the vault is swept away by a susurrating wind, which brings with it a disquieting feeling af impending doom. At the edge of hearing you can almost believe that the wind is whispering to you- In fact, the half-heard murmur seems lo come from inside the pit. You edge closer and peer into the depthless dark. With a lull in the wind you hear the distant splash and slurp of something moving within watery depths. Do you want to climb down into the Pi to find out what is lurking at the bottom (turn to 2g) or would you rather leave these malign ruins {bum B43)?

=== SECTION 215 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

Heaving open the unbarred bam door you are immediately assailed by the musty smell of animals and damp straw. Itis dark inside the barn and, as your

=== SECTION 216 | PDF PAGE 83 ===

eyes adjust to the gloom, something large canters out of the shadows beneath the hayloft, ready to trample you into the ground. You pet the impression of bony protrusions and a whipping, scaly tail. With an evil sarling whinny, the mad-eyed horse-mutant attacks HAVOC HORSE SKILLG STAMINA If you manage to kill the crazed stallion, you stumble - out of the bam and either into the farmhouse {hum to 4 322) or away from this freakish farm (turn to 244 Before the demon possessing the Count can resurrect his werewolf body you take out thefive Silver Daggers that belonged to the five members of the damned Cadre Infernal. You plunge them into Varcolac's body marking out the five points a pentacle. One final unearthly howl breaks from the Arch-Lycanthrope's throat as something like black smoke pours from its mouth, only to dissipate into the chill air of the chamber. If you have the codeword Defiugeb recorded on your Adverfure Sheet, turn to 21. Ifnot, turn to 535

=== SECTION 217 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

On the second floor you come loan omately decorated chamber that is filled with all manner of stone statues They range from sculptures of knights in armour and weeping angels to funereal effigies and the busts of notable individuals fom Lupravia's past. One of the finest examples of the stone-carver's art is the stalue of a griffin standing next toa wall-length mirror hung on the far side of the room. Light from a flickering crystal chandelier casts disconcerling shadows around the chamber so that you could almost believe that the statues are moving. You cannct help thinking that this is a strange place lo have a mirror. Do you want to examine Lhe mirror more closely (tum to 232 or will you leave the ropm and the second flour altogether (tum to 7}?

=== SECTION 218 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

You have barely unsheathed your weapon when the elemental creature sereeches like a wildcat and leaps al you, teeth and claws bared. You have forced the situation to this point and now you have no choice but to defend yourself against your capricious opponent ICE SPRITE SKILI.11 STAMINA 6 IFOld Man Winter's minion wounds you roll one dice onarollofsorétheelemental's freezing touch numbs you to the bone, dulling your senses (reduce your Attack Strength by a point). If you are able to reduce the sprite's STAMINAa to 2 points or less, turn at once to 247

=== SECTION 219 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

"ou have no idea what the crazed spider-woman is calking about. 'No? Then why are you here? Have you some to steal my pretties, is that it? You would take =v beasures from me? How dare you?' she screams With a speed and agility you would not have expected Soma monster as large and bloaled as she, the Spider- Queen leaps from her web, ready Lo punish you for <ntering her lair. But how are you going to fight back? = you want to defend yourself using your sword, turn = 252. If you want to fry using your lantern lo set fire 0 her webs (if you have a lantem and it can put it to =se here), tarn to 304. If you would rather run lor it

=== SECTION 220 | PDF PAGE 84 ===

As you sit down opposite the serious young man he shakes himself fom his reverie and appears tu lighten He too, it would seem, is glad of the company in this sange staging post. It tums out he is not a native of y or feel 'i O

=== SECTION 221 | PDF PAGE 85 ===

these lands but comes from far off Scarton in Analand His name is Hans and, with a mutual bond discovered the two of you make idle conversation. While you steer clear of revealing the true reason for coming to Lupravia, he develops the urgent need to open his heart. 'It's my sister,' he says, worry ringing his eyes 'my little Leisel. She had had enough of life in Scarton especially as my parents tried to force her to marry the son of the local burgomaster. When the Carnivale came to town she saw a chance to escape her fate. A weird, grotesque and macabre travelling circus it was but the morning after the Carnivale had packed up and moved on, Leisel was gone. | followed on foot but the Carnivale - travelling as a caravan of wagons -always remained a day or so ahead of me. I hope to catch up with itsoon, find my sister, and persuade her te come home.' His story finished, a preat weariness comes over Fans. He apologises for his rudeness but says that he must retire and get some sleep, so you bid him good night, wishing him well with his search Add the codeword Retsis to your Adzenture Sheet Will you follow Hans' lead and make for your own bed (tum to 258), or would you rather engage the landlord in conversation, if you haven't done so already (turn to 155), or the barmaid (turn to 188)?

=== SECTION 222 | PDF PAGE 85 ===

Holding your lantern aloft, you take in the sub- terranean chamber in which you are standing. It Opens up away from you like a cave, all murky gloom and a regular echoing drip. The only other sound is the splash and ripple as you move through a foot of foul-smelling waler. And then you see it: the glitter of something silvery beneath the surface of the water caught in the ambient light of your laniern. Jt is a s*ord that shines with a silvery gleam, even through the stirred up filth. As you reach out a hand jowards the submerged blade, something reaches for you. A dick, rubbery tentacle bursts from the water, causing rou to jump back as something palefleshed and monstrous heaves its massive bulk towards you from > ott of its shadowy lair You get the impression of grabbing tentacles and pseudopods, huge watery eyes, a cavernous moulh packed with teeth, a mucus- oozing blowhole, and white albino-[Mesh. This lurking horror has been lying in wait for its usual prey - rats small crustaceans and the jike - but sensing the hot blood pumping in your veins has excited its unholy appetile. You cannot hope to escape without a fight $0 fight you must LURKING HORROR SKILLQ STAMINA 10 If you manage to slay this foul fiend, turn to 174 ae pee "iti And then the devils are gone again, their bodies dissolving back imto the mist. You breathe a sigh oi relief at having overcome your grotesque assailants But any sense of a reprieve from the horrors of Ferumoor are short lived as yet another horible how! resonates through the cloying mists. This is no wolf but something else, yet Unmistakeably canine - something demonic. Roll two dice. Lf the total rolled is Jess than or equal fo your CHANGE score,turn to 251. If itis greater, turn to 342

=== SECTION 223 | PDF PAGE 86 ===

And then the devils are gone again, their bodies dissolving back imto the mist. You breathe a sigh oi relief at having overcome your grotesque assailants But any sense of a reprieve from the horrors of Ferumoor are short lived as yet another horible how! resonates through the cloying mists. This is no wolf but something else, yet Unmistakeably canine - something demonic. Roll two dice. Lf the total rolled is Jess than or equal fo your CHANGE score,turn to 251. If itis greater, turn to 342

=== SECTION 224 | PDF PAGE 86 ===

And then one of the welves does indeed find the brazen bravado it needs to assault the stagecoach. The lithe, grey-pelted creature manages a gravity-defying leap onto the roof of the coach and, having found purchase with its unsheathed claws, goes far you GREY WOLF SKILL? STAMINA6G Unless you have the Quickening special ability, duc to your precarious position on the roof of the carriage you must conduct combat with the wolf with your Attack Strength reduced by a point. If you tiumph in this battle, turn to 239 You place the Gold Piece in Madame 7elda's out stretched hand and she makes il vanish with a sleight of hand flourish. She begins making exaggerated hand meverents over the crystal ball and you fancy yeu can sce swirling clouds forming within its depths

=== SECTION 225 | PDF PAGE 86 ===

"ah yes,' the forbune-teller begins theatrically, 'I see many perils ahead, but also great courage and a goal achieved,' This sounds like the sart of rubbish she probably tells al] her puniers. But suddenly Madame Zelda's voice changes dramatically, dropping by several octaves, and her eyes roll up into her head Beware the storm-made monster amd shun the eastern hills. Nothing but death awaits you there,' she moans. 'Heed the words of a mourning father and seck out the rock of wolves. And once you are within the belly of the beast, wake not the man of brass but seek out the infernal cadre." Madame Zelda shakes her head as if stirring from a waking dream. "Er, yes, the, um, stars have spoken,' she says, sounding as if she can't quite cemember what has just happened. "Yes, the future is an undiscovered country, um, but your path is clear, Go now, be on your way!' The fortune-teller is clearly distressed and, feeling a little shaken yourself, you decide not to hang around any longer. Add the codeword Dioterof to your Adventure Sheet and burn io 169 The unnatural cacophony continues, setting your teeth on edge and working in an even more sinister way upon your lycanthropy-riddled body. The wolf within howls in discomfort and struggles to be free of the tormenting music. You fight to keep the beast NW MN, 2 Meili OS i By 4a, 2 = Bice ares pe Sees i Bey i iia ei fe or Le = =i eee le oo NN on a es eS ee eee = . =a

=== SECTION 226 | PDF PAGE 87 ===

contained but feel that the animal inside is steadily taking control, (Add 1 to your CHANGE score and lose 1 LUCK point.) Howling in anger, fear and frustration you flee the cursed Music Room. Turn to 321 You make your way along the passageway, down the stairs and into the empty, darkened bar room. A half apen door leads you outside into the coaching inn's Stabling yard. The moon hangs over the bleak moors casting everything in its cold, monochrome light Your gaze is drawn to the silvery disc and something deep inside you howls in joy at the touch of the But across the yard another light beckons, spilling from the crack between the stable doors. Stealthily you sneak over to the stable and put an eye to the gap Inside, the straw has been cleared from the middle of the floor and a curious, and disturbing, symbol! has been drawn on the floor, surrounded by esoteric nines and zodiac symbols. The space is lit by candies stuck t barrels and crates positioned around the esoteric circle. At the centre, Meg, the landlord's daughter, is conducting some kind of ritual. In front of her, on the cold, stone floor of the stable, is a human skull. You watch transhxed as the witch chants under her breath m some unintelligible language, making mystical eestures with her hands As you watch her conducting her unholy rite, you feel the wind at your back and your hackles rise. Dark powers are being drawn to this place and who knows what might happen if Meg is allowed to finish her spell. Will you wait for her ta complete the ritual (turn to 308), or burst into the stable without further hesi- tation (turn to 205)?

=== SECTION 227 | PDF PAGE 88 ===

Crouching low in the waterlogred tunnel you wend your way towards a barred circle of light in the distance - it must be a way out! The himnel widens and you see that it ends at a circular grille: beyond that lies a torch-lit stone-walled corridor. You are aware of a sinister scuttling sound and look up at the curve of the hinnel roof above you. Antennae rippling fepugnantly, the huge centipede moves towards you on its myriad, jointed legs. As you prepare to defend yourself, a second overgrown centipede raises it head from the channel ahead of you and writhes towards you, its body covered in tough, chitinous armour. In the confines of the tunnel-pipe, fight the centpedes one ata time First GLANT CENTIPEDE a 7 second GIANT CENTIPEDE g 7 Ifyou manage to defeat both the carnivorous creatures you make it to the grille without meeting further resistance. Turn to 441
