Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 28 of 30

Range: SECTION 480 through SECTION 491



=== SECTION 480 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

And then a brief window of opportunily presents itself and you seize it with both hands. Plunging your blade downwards, you slice through the lethers securing the horses to their traces. Leaping onto lhe back of the horse next to Katya's, with a "Yaah!' you set the untethered steeds galloping free of the carriage Glancing back over your shoulder, as the horses pull away, you watch with deep satisfaction as the stape- coach veers off the edge of the road, the Werebecast raging in vain atop it. Down, down, down it plunges into [he paping void of Garou Gorge. You have put an end to the Beast of Vargenho at last: regain 2 Luck Points. Unfortunately, you feel no different within yourself. The Werebeast could not have been the Arch- Lycanthrope you seek. Free of the threat of the mon- ster al last, you and Katya ride on, further into the Mountains lowards Wulfenstcin, in hope of finding your frue quarry at last. Make a note of the number goon your Adventure Sheet and then turn to zo aia You manage to prise the box open and find that ii is lined with red velvet. Lying within a shaped hollow is Flintlock Pisiol. Ii is an exquisite piece but it is unloaded, and you cannot find any bullets for it in its case, {Tf you want to find out more about how to use Flintlock Pistol, make a note of the paragraph you are on at the (ime and turn to paragraph goo You are about lo leave the room when you notice something marked out in red chalk underneath the bed. Moving the bed aside you see an esoteric star and circle symbol! drawn on the floorboards, with other smaller runic marks at the apex of each star-point, You are not sure whether it is a warding sign, to guard agains! the evil eye, or a wifch-mark intended to altract evil. Feeling increasingly uneasy you leave the room. Turn to 226

=== SECTION 481 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

SSS li LL = qiz As you reach inlo the pit several Leechworms latch onto your exposed skin, cutting your flesh open with tings of razor-sharp teeth, before engorping Lhem- selves on your blood. Roll one dice and lose that many STAMINA points. If you survive the attentions of the hungry Leechworms, when they have eaten their Gli they release their grip and drop back into the pat. It is only then that you realise the hilt you risked your health to recover is attached to a worthless, nisted blade. Casting the corroded dagger back into the pil you stonm back down the corridor nursing your wounds. Turn to 181

=== SECTION 482 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

As you reach inlo the pit several Leechworms latch onto your exposed skin, cutting your flesh open with tings of razor-sharp teeth, before engorping Lhem- selves on your blood. Roll one dice and lose that many STAMINA points. If you survive the attentions of the hungry Leechworms, when they have eaten their Gli they release their grip and drop back into the pat. It is only then that you realise the hilt you risked your health to recover is attached to a worthless, nisted blade. Casting the corroded dagger back into the pil you stonm back down the corridor nursing your wounds. Turn to 181

=== SECTION 483 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

Turning from the derelict farm, you set off for the town again through the rain. You have not gone far when you hear a slashing and a splashing behind you Tuming, you see three large creatures palloping down the mud-slick track towards you. At first, fom their Proportions and their vicious, sabre-like husks, you would have taken them for wild boar. But their warty liar > 4 Ko ste SSS a hides, although covered with bristly hair, are not as thickly furred as boars'. These are some kind of mon- strous mutation. Jt is just as you had thought, there is some rotten magic at work ai the farm. The monstrous pigs have caught up with you so you have to defend yourself against their slicing tusks, and belligerent Porcine temperaments SKILL STAMINA First SAVAGE SWINE 6 5 Second SAVAGE SWINE 5 4 Third SAVAGE SWINE 5 5 Fight the animals two at a time on the farm track. If you defeat the three, bloodthirsty animals, do you want to re turn to the turn to investigate further (ham to 420) or will you stick to your original plan and re turn to Vargenhof (tum 10 2.44)?

=== SECTION 484 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

You spend the rest of the night at the shrine and in the morming, with the sun struggling into a cloud-hazed grey sky, you bid Corran farewell. As you leave the security of the shrine, its guardian watches your progress long after you have left, the orange glow of the warming room emanating from the open portal behind him By dawn's wan light, as you descend from the rolling moors to the valley-lying settlements to the east, you catch sight of a flock of blackbirds circling in the sky over a spot some half a mile away to the north. Such behaviour suggests that there is something there, out in the cold of this wild place. Do you want to take a i eeeeeeeeeeeeeepEHRNRN'. VN diversion north, to see what might be found there rum to 243), or will you continue east, back to the road {furn to 69)?

=== SECTION 485 | PDF PAGE 180 ===

Even as you are studying at the Count's portrait, it feels as if Varcolac is looking through you to the animal within, and you feel the wolf trying to break free again. The creature how!s, using your throat and vocal cords, straining to be free. To your tortured psyche it seems as though you can hear the trophy heads braying and hooting in response to the presence of the Were inside you. Add 1 to your CHANGE score Desperate to escape your fate and bring on the final confrontation that you knew must be coming, you race on along the corridor, past ihe smiling lords of Lupravia and the howling heads. Turn to 158 tial fithus ip SS (ine Ors AVA a VRE, 3 qhé As the last wolf falls you look up to see Ulrich running towards the now open door of the cottage, the sturdy iron-bound oak gouged by what are, unmistakeably claw marks. Something has got in. You follow the woodsman as he runs inside. In the single room beyond you find a wild-haired man standing over the crumpled body of a white-haired old woman. 'Grand- mother!" Ulrich cries and on hearing his voice, the stranger turns to look at you. He has a horrid leering grin on his face and the manic look in his staring eyes tells you that he is quite mad. But there is one other thing you cannot help noticing that sends a chill of horror shivering down your spine: he is missing his left hand. Ulrich simply stands there dumbfounded and in that moment's hesitation, the lunatic leaps past him, trying to make for the door, where you bar his way to freedom. Snarling like an animal he tries to claw you with the talon-like fingernails of his remaining right hand, seemingly unconcerned as to the harm your sword could cause his unprotected flesh LUNATIC SKILL? STAMINA After three Attack Roundg, or if you reduce the mad- man's STAMINA to 6 or less, whichever comes first turn al once to 309

=== SECTION 486 | PDF PAGE 180 ===

qhé As the last wolf falls you look up to see Ulrich running towards the now open door of the cottage, the sturdy iron-bound oak gouged by what are, unmistakeably claw marks. Something has got in. You follow the woodsman as he runs inside. In the single room beyond you find a wild-haired man standing over the crumpled body of a white-haired old woman. 'Grand- mother!" Ulrich cries and on hearing his voice, the stranger turns to look at you. He has a horrid leering grin on his face and the manic look in his staring eyes tells you that he is quite mad. But there is one other thing you cannot help noticing that sends a chill of horror shivering down your spine: he is missing his left hand. Ulrich simply stands there dumbfounded and in that moment's hesitation, the lunatic leaps past him, trying to make for the door, where you bar his way to freedom. Snarling like an animal he tries to claw you with the talon-like fingernails of his remaining right hand, seemingly unconcerned as to the harm your sword could cause his unprotected LUNATIC SKILL? STAMINA After three Attack Roundg, or if you reduce the mad- man's STAMINA to 6 or less, whichever comes first turn al once to 309

=== SECTION 487 | PDF PAGE 181 ===

Dropping down from the broken-mortared top of the wall you land in a pile of russet leaves and, shooting darting glances al) around, you creep towards the house. You freeze once on hearing a cry, but it is only the croaking cry of a woodcock and nothing to be afraid of. You are only ten yards from the door when you hear the furious scraping of paws clawing the Eround to get at you, the rattling of a long chain and then a snarling bark that sounds like it must belong to some monstrous dog. Running around the side of the house is a creature that at first you lake to be a welf. A moment's consideration later and you see that, despite Tushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actually has the physical proportions of a man. It is not unlike Werewolf you fell foul of and yet looks like it has been trapped mid-transformation - and night has still not yet fallen WOLF-WERE SKILL§ 9 STAMINAS If the Wolf-Were wounds you more than twice, add 1 point to your CHANGE score, You may escape after three Attack Rounds, if you wish, running back to the entrance to the estate and climbing back over the wall as the Woli-Were will be held at bay by its chain (turn Kite aes ae CIE to 46), However, if you choose to fight and reduce the Wolf-Were's STAMINA to 4 points or less,turn to 472

=== SECTION 488 | PDF PAGE 181 ===

The Grendel grabs you with both of its huge hands and lifts you bodily off the ground. With a grunt of delight the ogre hurls you against the bars of the Cage and you fall to the ground, cradling bniised ribs {lose 4 STAMINA points). If you are shill alive, you stagger from the Cage to reclaim your possessions before disappearing into the crowds to hide your embarrass- ment {furn to 167 The people of these parts have been protecting their flocks, herds and homes from the predations of wild animals for far longer than they have had to worry about a Werebeast, so the forest paths are riddled with wolf traps - which are just as effective against unwary humans. Walking along a seemingly little-uwsed track alone you succumb to one such trap, as what you had taken to be fallen branches strewing the path give way under your weight, dropping you into a deep pit tined with sharpened stakes. You cannot stop yourself from falling in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakes Roll one dice, add one and lose this many STAMINA points. (If you have The Quickenitig special ability you may divide this damage by 2, rounding fractions up- Ifyou are still alive, you eventually struggle out of the pit-trap and do what you can to bind your wounds before rejoining the rest of the party as they are preparing to reharn to Vargenhof. Turn to 157 Dropping down from the broken-mortared top of the wall you land in a pile of russet leaves and, shooting darting glances al] around, you creep towards the house. You freeze once on hearing a cry, but it is only the crnaking cry of a woodeock and nothing to be afraid of. You are only ten yards from the door when you hear the furious scraping of paws clawing the ground to get at you, the rattling of a long chain and then a snarling bark that sounds like it must belong to some monstrous dog, Running around the side of the house is a creature that at first you take ta be a wolf, A moment's consideration later and yousee that, despite rushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actually has the physica! proportions of a man. It is nol unlike Werewolf you fell foul of and yet looks like it has been trapped mid-transformation - and night has still not yet fallen WOLF-WERE sanL8 sTamMina § If the Wolf-Were wounds you more than twice, add 1 point to your CHANGE score. You may escape after ihree Attack Rounds, lé you wish, running back lo the entrance to the estate and climbing back over the wall as the Wolf-Were will be held at bay by its chain (turn *"_ Vs a - eos Z a - Lee SSS Io 46). However, if you choose ic fight and reduce the Wolf-Were's STAMINA {0 4 points or less, turn to 472

=== SECTION 489 | PDF PAGE 182 ===

The Grendel grabs you with both of its huge hands and lifts you bodily off the ground. With a grunt of delight the ogre hurls you against the bars of the Cage and you fall to the ground, cradling bruised ribs (lose 4 STAMINA points). If you are slill alive, you stagger from the Cage to reclaim your possessions before disappearing into the crowds lo hide your embarrass- ment (turn to 167 The people of these parts have been protecting their flocks, herds and homes from the predations of wild animals for far longer than they have had to worry about 4 Werebeast, so the forest paths are riddled with wolf traps - which are just as effective against unwary humans. Walking along a seemingly little-used track alone you succumb lo ane such trap, as what you had taken te be fallen branches strewing the palh give way under your weight, dropping you into a deep pit lined with sharpened stakes. You cannot slop yourself from falling in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakes Roll one dice, add one and lose this many stamina points. (Lf you have The Quickerting special ability you may divide this damage by 2, rounding fractions up- If you are still alive, you eventually struggle out of the pittrap and do whal you can to bind your wounds before rejoining the rest of the party as they are preparing to re turn lo Vargenhof. Turn to 251 ee sss sss

=== SECTION 490 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

The way through the woods that you have chosen widens as it passes between drifts of fallen leaves between the trees. The pale disc of the sun sinks lower in a featureless grey sky, the monotonous skyscape broken only by the flapping specks of birds rehuming to their roosts. Their hoarse croaking cries echo across the leafless canopy. Your mind tums to thoughts of where you should camp for the night as the moon appears like a luminescent lantern above you. Without any warming you are seized by crippling pains that force you to your knees, gasping for breath. Something is happening to the very fibre of your being. Write the number 234 0n your Adventure Sheet anc turn to ao

=== SECTION 491 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

Even as you are gagging on the putrescent slime you feel its metamorphasing power take hold of you The effects of the mufagernie slime, combined with the lycanthropy riddling every fibre of your being forces you to undergo a catastrophic transformation Muscles contract and twist, bones melt and reform skin become chitin, hair becomes rank fur, unt] what is left resembies an unholy cross between a cockroach and a wolf. Your rapid transformation, exacerbated by the lycanthropy, shocks even the monks. But you no longer care about such things or even remember your life before this moment as all the humanity you once had is gone. Your adventure ends here, as you scuttle down into the dark sanctuary of the dungeons beneath the Abbey, where you begin your new life among the vermin, as one of them S=-=-_.uuy-"VN.}"u>"0}w 3 -_ °Q ° => |= = #94 You follow the corridor to another junction, where the stench of death hangs heavy in the musky air of the subterranean passageway. The carcass of a huge rat - six feet long from nose to tail - lies against one wall Crawling over it, picking at the dead creature with Massive, bone-crushing mandibles, are four large carrion feeders, each one over three feet in jength. The insects' heads look just like horned human skulls. The Death's Head Beetles pause in their consumption of the rat corpse, hideous skull-heads taming im your direction, mandibles clicking. You sense that they could attack at any moment. Will you take the new right-hand turn at the junction (turn to 12) or will you continue straight ahead, past the feeding beetles turn to 509)? #93 The Changeling lies dead at your feet. The elderly couple gasp in horror but not al the thought that you have killed their baby. It is as if a veil has been lifted from their eyes, for now they can see the Changeling in its true guise at last. They apologise to you profusely as the imp dissolves into bubbling slime and soaks into the floor. They have nothing to offer you by way of a material reward but they do force you to take an earthenware jug of cider and a cured cheese with you Add 2 Meals to your Provisions and regain 1 LUCK point for freeing the couple from the Curse of the Changeling.) There is nothing more for you to do here Bidding Farmer Bauer and his wife farewell you leave their turn to find that the rainstorm has passed as
