Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 21 of 30

Range: SECTION 352 through SECTION 369



=== SECTION 352 | PDF PAGE 133 ===

There is nothing more for you here. At the far end of lhe banqueting hall, a magnificently carved wooden slaircase, covered with a rich claret carpet, leads up te yet another set of double doors. Taking a deep breath in an attempt to steady your nerves and keep the beasl within at bay, you ascend the staircase. At the top you pause before the double doors. The family crest of the House of Wulfen has been carved across them both Now is your chance to make any final preparations vou may wish to before entering the highest chamber Castle Wulfen.) You turow open the doors and stride boldly through The chamber beyond is an example of opulent splendour. Fine tapestries bedeck the wails, antique Arantian rugs cover the floor, all lit by Light-splitting crystal chandeliers. However, everything has an air of heglect about it. The tapestries are faded and dusty the rugs scratched and frayed, the chandeliers dulled by grume. Framed by a tall window directly in front of you is an omately carved chau, thronelike in its magnificence. Sitting slouched, one leg swinging over the chair arm, is someone you recognise from the porirait gallery you passed through. A tousled mane of grey hair hangs down tohis shoulders, shot through with a single streak of lustrous black. He is wearing an unbutloned jackel, exposing a ruffled shirt beneath and flne black trews with knee-length boots. The man is darkly handsome, the visible skin of his chest, arms and hands covered with coarse black hair. He is toying with a pewter goblet in one hand, and on his middle finger you notice a gold signet ring, as it catches the light. In front of the chair lie wo huge wolves. They wach you intently with cold, wnblinking yellow eyes For his part, the lord of Castle Wulfen watches you with languid interest as you stride slowly, yet confidently, towards him Let me introduce myself," the nobleman says. 'I am Count Varcolac. Don't worry about introducing your- self. 1 know who you are.' He sniffs the air sharply. - You are my brother's killer. But let that not stand between us and friendship. More importantly, you were remade by my brother. That practically makes you family! Your wolfish abilities have served you well, for you to get this far. I have high hopes for you Bow before me. Swear fealty to me, and | will show you al] that your gift has to offer you.' Inwardly, every wolfish fibre of your being howls that this is the Arch-Lycanthrope, the first of the Werewolf bloodline, the one whom you seek and whose demise will free you from your vile curse. But you cannoli help being taken aback. The creature whose death you have desired from the outset is offering you the chance to join with him. And his arrogance may have given - you the perfect opportunity to rid the world of his - malign, cunning evil. Will you bow before the Count in the hope that you will be able to strike when his guard is down {turn to 442), or will you simply draw your weapon with no such pretence (turn to 47)?

=== SECTION 353 | PDF PAGE 134 ===

In the bottom of your pack you find a bottle of the eypmes' vodka as well as Matbreads and cheese enough for 2 Meals. (Add these items to your Adpenture Sheet and regain 1 LUCK point.) You may drink the vodka whenever you want, but there are only three tots in the botille {make a note of this as well}. The vodka is sterling stuff: each tot restores 3 STAMINA points. But the next ime you are instructed Test your Sioil after drinking it, you must reduce your sia. by 1 point. However, the drink algo fortifies your courage so, for the duration of the next battle you fight after drinking, you may increase your Attack Strength by 2 point. Then it is dime to be on your way again. Tumi bo ga

=== SECTION 354 | PDF PAGE 134 ===

Cursed Bloodline = The disease coursing through your blood is potent and potentially fatal. As your body slowly transforms into that of a wolf you are wracked by crippling pains. Lose 4 STAMINA points and add 1 more point to your CHANGE score. [If you survive this bone-wrenching wansformation,turn to the para- graph with the same number as the one you were Last instructed to write down on your Adventure Sheet

=== SECTION 355 | PDF PAGE 134 ===

You 'umum' and 'err' as you try to think up a con- vincing excuse on the spot. 'What's wrong with your shoulder?' Konrad suddenly blurts out You were not even aware of the fact that you were scratching your shoulder while talking to the village leader. Suddenly without even a by-your-leave, Konrad rips open your tunic and sees your wolf-bite for himself. He pasps in horror and takes a step back. Surprised by his reaction you plance sideways at the shoulder wound yourself You cannot contain your own appalled ery of disgust az you see that the skin surrounding the injury is now bristling with thick black hair. {Add 2 CHANGE point Before you know what is going on, you are grabbed ard bundled cut of the inn. You find yourself out in the village square again, surrounded by a mab of villagers, who are spoiling for a fight. Turn to 246

=== SECTION 356 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

You find yourself in a cramped room packed to over- flowing with bookcases, the shelves crammed with dusty tomes, large leather-bound volumes and rolled - scrolls. The dusty air smells strongly of mouldering parchment and rotting leather. There is ancther door in an adjacent wall between the teclering bookcases Do you want to leave the room by this door, withoul delaying (turn to 86}, or would you rather linger a while in the Abbey's archive to see what you might gtean from its dusty records (turn to 401)?

=== SECTION 357 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

There are four temes which have particularly caught your attention, but which one would you like to spend - your time studying? The Fail of the House of Wulfen? Turn to 343 Evil and Excess: A History of the Cadre Infernal? Turn to 338 Lycanthropy: The Curse of the Werewolf? Turn to 313 Grams Fotk-lore of Lupracia? Turn to 401

=== SECTION 358 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

Have it your own way,' the old woman says testily Taking a sloppered bottle from a shelf, she warms its contents in a small cauldron over the fire. She adds a bundle of dried herbs and then leaves Lhe concoction to simmer. The close air inside the cottage is filled with an acrid aroma. Another half an hour and the potion is ready. 'Dmnk this,' Grandmother Zekova commands, shoving a ladleful of viscous grey-green liquid in front of your lips. Holding your nose you swallow the potion in a single gulp, hoping not to laste it. Although you [eel no immediate effects, the potion wil] slaw the transformation that the lycan- thropy is working upon your physical form. (Subtract i from your CHANGE score.) Now hur to 342

=== SECTION 359 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

The old woman suddenly drops to her knees crying Spare me and I can help you defeat the lord of Castle Wulfen, the ultimate evil power in all of Lupravia That is why you're here isn'b il?' Will you let the witch live, in the hope that she will prove true to her word turn to 183} or will you finish her now, while you have the chance (burn to 50)?

=== SECTION 360 | PDF PAGE 135 ===

You are halfway across the courtyard when a shadowy spectral form miaterialises in front of you. You recognise the twisted, batlike features of the shade The undying spectre of the Countess Isolde has come to stop you ever leaving her domain of darkness and to visit unhaly vengeance upon you. You will have to tmumph in one final battle to escape the Lady of Maun's clutches VAMPIRE-WRAITH SKILLG STAMINA 6 fF you win but the Wraikh wounded you, turn ta 397. li you overcome the Countess' spectral form without sustaining any injury, regain 1 Luck point and turn to 373

=== SECTION 361 | PDF PAGE 136 ===

The undying spectre of the Countess Isolde has come to stop you ever leaving her domain of darkness and to visit unhaly vengeance upon you. You will have to tmumph in one final battle to escape the Lady of Maun's clutches VAMPIRE-WRAITH SKILLG STAMINA 6 fF you win but the Wraikh wounded you, turn ta 397. li you overcome the Countess' spectral form without sustaining any injury, regain 1 Luck point and turn to 373 Opening the door you are assaulted by the stench of guano and a startled beaung of wings as the birds making their home in the chamber are clisturbed by your sudden armval. The mom is open to the night through a large arched opening. Monochrome moon- light enters the filthy roost, gleaming dully from the sharp black beaks and obsidian talons of the throng of huge ravens that have made the chamber their home - iz " an i , Pie 3 ita - a CO eae aaa aa eae a al Lie nnn TTT Their cracked croaking caws are deafening and the birds are certainly not happy at your intrusion. How- ever, you can also see something else glinting in the moonlight among the feathers and muck covering the floor, Do you want to risk entering the ravens' roost to © daim this 'treasure' (turn to 975) or will you leave and quit the third floor too (turn to 7)?

=== SECTION 362 | PDF PAGE 136 ===

Pressing on through the winding tunnels, you finally § come to a stone staircase that leads up and out of the Abbey catacombs. Jt is obvious that some malign power had infested the Abbey of the Black Monks and that the place is now rotten to the core. At the top of the steps a new passageway leads away left (turn to 44) and right (turn to 406

=== SECTION 363 | PDF PAGE 136 ===

Without knowing how, you seem to have developed an unerring sense of direction, which is not hampered by the presence of the clinging foe and ever-present gloom. It is almost as if you can smeli your way through this trackless wilderness. As you make your way along spits of dry ground, managing to steer clear of the ensnaring swamps all around you, the eerie sound of a canine wail reaches your ears. One hand on the hilt of your sword you press on, hoping to reach the shrine before you meet whatever itis that & making that mourmful noise. Turn to 342

=== SECTION 364 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

With the metamorphosed Black Widow dead, you search her chamber. Roll two dice and add 13. This is the total number of Gold Pieces you glean from the floor of the cave. You also find a string of pearls, worth 6 Gold Pieces, a Silver Crown, worth 10 Gold Pleces and gemstones worth 12 Gold Pieces, Regaln 1 Luce point. Having fought the Spider-Queen in her lair and won for yourself a king's ransom, where will you go from here? To leave the spider-infested cave network altogether now, turn to 47. If you would rather keep exploring the caves, will you leave the chamber via the sialactite-hung tunnel (turn to 122) of the stalag- mite tunnel (ham t 405)?

=== SECTION 365 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

Taking out the Silver Dagger you found in the maggol pit. you sense the disgusting, overgrown monstrosity recoil from it This blade of pure silver has power over the maggol-monster. If you choose to Aight the monster, you must do so with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point, but any wound you cause the creature will cause it 3 STAMINA points damage, rather than the usual 2 Bearing this information in mind Tetum to 262 and make another choice

=== SECTION 366 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

You cannot believe it: your purse is missing! One of 'the gypsies has robbed you. Cross off all your temaining Gold Pieces and lose 1 Luck point. You have no Idea where the gypsies have gone, there is no Sign of any tracks leaving the clearing, and so it would 7 bea futile waste of time to try to pursue them. Cursing 'the capricious Mortani, you set off again through the forest, feeling thoroughly miserable and dejected pram bo 500 You look like you could do with somewhere w reat you into the shrine and barring the door behind him He leads you past an altar to Saint Crucius, placing Se silver cross upon it as he does so, and on into a 'warming room. You sit down at a stall next to the fire Slazing in the hearth there, while the priest ladles out a bow! of steaming broth from the cauldron bubbling 'over it. You gulp down the soup and finish it in no Gime (add 3 STAMINA points). "So,' the priest cays once you have eaten, 'what has brought you to the shrine 'of Saint Crucius and an encounter with the demon Shuck?' What will you tell the priest? That you have been cursed with lycanthropy and seek a cure? Turn to 386 That you are on a quest to rid the land of evil and seek holy aid? Turn to 404

=== SECTION 367 | PDF PAGE 137 ===

You look like you could do with somewhere w reat you into the shrine and barring the door behind him He leads you past an altar to Saint Crucius, placing Se silver cross upon it as he does so, and on into a 'warming room. You sit down at a stall next to the fire Slazing in the hearth there, while the priest ladles out a bow! of steaming broth from the cauldron bubbling 'over it. You gulp down the soup and finish it in no Gime (add 3 STAMINA points). "So,' the priest cays once you have eaten, 'what has brought you to the shrine 'of Saint Crucius and an encounter with the demon Shuck?' What will you tell the priest? That you have been cursed with lycanthropy and seek a cure? Turn to 386 That you are on a quest to rid the land of evil and seek holy aid? Turn to 404

=== SECTION 368 | PDF PAGE 138 ===

You are im a small chamber, its walls plastered wiih the dust-covered shrouds of spiders' webs, Whateves made these webs must have been very large indeee or there were a preat number of them. As you move cautiously across the chamber, you notice two we bound bundles. From the look of it, the bao bundles each contain a small, humanoid body and you get the impression of green skin and pointed ears. If you wam to linger a while longer and search the bound bodies turn to 85. If you would rather leave with delaying which exit will you take out of the cave? A tunnel from which a damp breeze blows? Turn to 97 A tunnel with an obvious seam of black stone? Turn to 435 A puddle floored passageway? Turn to 225

=== SECTION 369 | PDF PAGE 138 ===

You tell Grandmother Zekova how Ulrich hacked af the werewolf's paw when you were first attackes how it turned into a human hand afterwards, and @ Signet Ring you found on the middle finger. "La mie see it," the old woman demands, so you take it a wand show it to her. She cannot suppress her gasp of dread. "This is the crest of the House of Wulfen, the "7 suling house of Lupravia,' she explains, her voice spavenng. "Lupravia is a cursed land and theirs is a =used bloodline. The stories surrounding the Wulfen 7 aurse are many and ternble, tales of nightmarish onsters, people being taken from their homes aurder and madness. Castle Wulfen lies at the rthest point of Lupravia, in the foothills of the Orsov Mountains. Itis said to be a sinister shadow of what it as in more prosperous times. There are stories of J =onsters roaming the streets of Wulfenstein, the Silage that lies beneath the castle, where people live =constant fear, as the howling of wolves and worse 2unts their nights. The wretched people of that ==mned place rarely venture far from hore. The tales Mad Prince Garoul of the Wulfen family have S=ached even as far as these woods, It is said that he erefers the company of wild beasts to that of human eings and from what we have witmessed this night I @elieve that the curse on the Wulfen line is the curse of = werewolf. It was Garoul who infected you with Scanthropy. Ef you are to escape that curse you must 9 sant him down and finish what you started here. You Bust destroy the head of the Were-bloodline before Se next full moon,' Srandmother Zekova has given you information that =n do nothing but help you in your quest to cid weourself of the cursed disease you have contracted Write the codeword Avokez on your Adventure Sheet fed turn to 124)-
