Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 4 of 30

Range: SECTION 41 through SECTION 55



=== SECTION 41 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

Making your way inside the gaping maw tent, you come face-to-face with a firé-ater, with the lattoo of a sinuous red dragon across his chest. The man sinks a burning torch into his throat, pulls it out and exhales flame imto the aix, to erles of wonder from the other Carnivale visitors, "Weleome to Crookshank's Cabinet Curiosities!" he declares, What curiosities they are! As you wander around the tent you see a bwo-headed sheep, a pair of conjoined juggling twins and a haJf- piantess. But then you come to the most mulated mutant of all. ln a large cage al the back of the tent 13 one of the most hideous and terrifying creatures you have ever seen. From the waist up it appears to be humanoid but from the waist down, itis whally snake and a large snake at thal. 'Serpensa the Snakewoman' a sign above the cage reads in gaucly red letters. As you approach, Serpensa hisses and darts her head close to the bars, her tail rattling ominously. You decide there is something unnatural about a snake- woman and, as a result, something sinister about a circus that would exhibit one. (Make sure that the codeword Epmarts is recorded on your Adventure Sheet.) You have seen enough. It is time to leave the Cabinet of Curiosities.Turn to 167

=== SECTION 42 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

Cautiously you approach the scything blade, judging your mament carefully. Test your Skill. If you are successful, bum to 206. If you are unsuccessful,turn to 447

=== SECTION 43 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

Spinning on your heel you hurl yourself away from the leader of the pack even as the monstrous wolf springs forwards, claws bared. But are your reflexes faster than thase of a deadly predator? Tes! your Skill If you succeed, turn to 191, [f you fail, barn to 254

=== SECTION 44 | PDF PAGE 23 ===

You follow the corridor until it ends at an open archway in the right-hand wall. Stepping through you find yourself in a cloistered courtyard. In front of you looms the impressive and yet, at the same time oppressive facade of the Abbey church. To your right another archway leads back to the main entrance lo the complex and in the left-hand wall of the cloister there is a closed oak door Will you enter the inner sanchom of the Abbey church (tun to 196), try the door in the left-hand wall (turn to 3§6), or turn right and make your escape from this accursed Abbey (turn to 98)? that split second the beast cuffs you with one mighty paw (lose 2 STAMINA points). You have no choice but to fight your ershwhile fend WEREBEAR SKILL§ §STAMINA 10 If the Werebear wounds you three times or more add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle turn to 200 The Countess' servant swoops down on you, seizing your shoulders in its claw-footed grasp. With two strong wing-beats, the Werebat hauls you up into the vault of the dome. When you are some height above the chamber floor, it lets ga of you again. You crash down onto the cold marble with bone-shattering force. Lose 4 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point (unless you have the Quickening special ability, in which case you simply lose 3 stammna points). If you survive the fall, you cannot rest as you must finish your fight with Werebat. If you win, tarn to 68 3? The cottage shudders with a resounding crash as something throws itself at the bolted door. Incredibly the wolves are attacking the cottage, trying to force their way in. You are going to have to help defend Grandmother Zekova's home from the creatures' determined assault There are three ways into the cottage, the door by which you entered and fwo windows. Ulrich, Grand- mother Zekova and you all guard one entrance each Choose who is covering each entrance. Eight wolves will attempt to break into the building. Roll one dice for each wolf, On a roll of 1 or 2 the wolf charges the s00r; ona roll of 3 or 4 it attacks the first window; ona toll of 5 or 6 the creature assaults the second window The door can resist one wolf attack; Uirich will be able & kill Gvo wolves before any of the animals can get past him and into the cottage; Grandmother Zekova «an dispatch one wolf with her trusty frying pan Sefore any others get the better of her. Any wolves hat you must face you fight one ata time, adding one @ your Attack Strength because you are defending a harrow Opening WOLVES SKILL6 STAMINA - £ you win, you will then have to do away with any her wolves that have managed to enter the cottage 7 Once you have dispatched any remaining wolves DP with ihe pack's attack repelled the wizened old wisewoman turns to you, fixing you with her needling @e. 'Tell me again about the creature that attacked you,' she says. If you have a Signet Ring, turn lo 369. If mot, turn bo 426

=== SECTION 45 | PDF PAGE 25 ===

Night comes and with it a horde of huge spiders emerges from the cave mouth, ready to hunt for their queen. The giant arachnids immediately pounce on you. There are too many of them for you to have any hope of defending yourself and you soon succumb to numerous venomous bites. Your adventure ends here

=== SECTION 46 | PDF PAGE 25 ===

You confnue your way through the woods undis- turbed by man or beast, the stands of beech and elm uncannily quiet. The sun sinks lower until the day is a mere purple-orange line on the horizon, half-¢limpsed through the gnarled and tangled trunks. With sunset almost done and moonrise well under way, you reach a crossroads in the forest path. Surprisinely, for sucha lonely, isclated place, there is a signpost with four place names marked on the four panels that point north-west, south-west, north-east and north-west respectively: Balei, Strigoiva, Vargenhof and Maun Having travelled from the west already, and sensing that your path lies towards the east, you ignore the other track that leads back west through the forest leaving you a choice of hwo routes. You have heard too many tales about what happens during the witching hour to spend a night in the open at a crossroads, So will you head north-east towards Vargenhof, indi- cated in gothic leering on a larger sign (tur to 499 » follow the Maun path south-east (turn to 438)?

=== SECTION 47 | PDF PAGE 25 ===

Count Varcolac, I have not fought my way across many leagues to join you in your debauched cele- bration of the evil curse that has this land within its cruel grasp!' you declare. 'Thave come here to kill you to liberate Lupravia and free myself from the Curse of Werewolf.' Brave words,' Varcolac counters, 'but I have endured long and have learnt how to use my gift to the best of my ability, whereas you are yet to embrace its power 1 How can you hope te best me, Count Varcolac, Prince Lupravia, the Wulfen Lord?' With that the Count snaps his fingers and the huge wolves pad towards you, hungry for a kill. If you have the Cail of the Wild special ability, turn to 247. If not you are going to have to fight these creatures together if you are to pet to Y¥arcolac SKILL STAMINA First DIRE WOLF =) B Second DIRE WOLF & 9 Wf you kill Varcolac's lupine bodyguards, turn to 513

=== SECTION 48 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

Trusting your instincts, Katya directs the horses onto this new track. You cling onto the roof of the jolting camage as it bumps and bounces over exposed tree- Toots and deep potholes, determined not to fall off And your ploy appears to have worked. The sounds of the pursuing pack fade as the stagecoach follows this less well-used route through the night-shrouded forest. At last the uneven, winding path loops back towards the most direct route through the forest anc rejoins the main highway. With no little satisfaction you start to think you might have left the hunting pack behind for good. Tumi to 239-

=== SECTION 49 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

In the drama and tension of the moment, time seems to slow as you discharge your weapon, the Werebeast appearing to freeze midleap. And then your projectile finds its mark and the passage of ime returns to normal. With a howl of rage and pain the Werebeast crashes down on the roof of the coach, claws splinter- ing the wood mere inches from you.Turn to 480

=== SECTION 50 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

An evil practitioner of the Black Aris lies dead at your leet: you were right not to trust this servant of the Dark Powers, for who knows what vile witchcrafi she might have used on you, given the chance. (Restore 1 LUCK point.) There is litte the crone has that you could possibly want, or use, but hwo things intrigue you: her book and the bubbling concoction steadily simmering om the hearth The bubbling brew doesm't seem to smel| quite so nowious any more. Do you want to Look at the cones book? Turn to 338 Sample some of the concoction she was busy brewing? Turn to 119 Leave the kitchen and take the other passageway leading from the entrance hall? Turn to 340 1 . Leave and ascend the grand staircase to the double doors? Turn to 146

=== SECTION 51 | PDF PAGE 26 ===

The Calf of the Wild - You have gained a howl like a wolf, which those you fight will find very unnerving When you use this new ability in bate you may reduce the Attack Strength of your opponent by 1 point. However, it wil! not affect magical creatures artificial constructs or the Undead. Make a note of this new specal ability on your Adoenture Sheet and then turn to the paragraph with the same number as the one you were last instructed to write down 4) " _- i. 2 i alae t j call ee ee ele jE - = fy (3 i ee Sees AN ¢" Li bee yp Bs 2 Beas ee a ¥ 1. il} al Wipe : iE iB ' Wa Naw ne ya mane ui i a mes (ire a Ab a, F i | tees a sh N et eye WN We eaeay, eee 'fp bg idle INNS OC iE Zee) RBC oJ ee eee Ee y = eels =: AN A ye

=== SECTION 52 | PDF PAGE 27 ===

I hy Even as the woman's beguiling powers are beginning to take effect, a persistent part of your subconscious ' screams at you to break eye contact; the Lady of Maun is trying to mesmerise you with her hypnotic gaze Through sheer strength of will alone, you force yourself tolook away, freeing yourself ofthe Countess' enchantment. She hisses in frustration, like a wildcat but takesa step away from you. "Very well,' she spits 'let's see what manner of creature you truly are.' She casts a dagger-glance at her manservant. 'Kill the intruder. Put the animal down,' she says with icy malice The Countess' manservant steps between you and his mistress. He opens his mouth and utters a shrill piercing cry. Your eyes fixed on the gaunt-faced man in appalled wonder, you watch as he undergoes a hideous and terifying transformation, His limbs warp and distort, his arms contracting into his body even as his finger bones lengthen, membranes of leathery skin unfurling between them. The man's ears become pointed and pronounced as his nose becomes an ugly snout. His body, now entirely covered in bristly fur, bursts free of his clothes. No longer a man but a monstrous bat with a wingspan nearing twelve feet, the Countess Iselde's servant dives for you trying to snatch you up in his clawed feet. With the Werebat suspended in the air in front of you, buffeting you with every beat of its wings, you retaliate with your own weapon WEREBAT SKILLB STAMINA®B If the Werebat wins hwo consecutive Attack Rounds turn at once to 36. Also, if the Werebat wounds you more than twice, add 1 to your CHANGE score as the ereature's own strain of lycanthropy accelerates the spread of the disease in your body. If you manage to kill the shape-changing servant, turn to 69

=== SECTION 53 | PDF PAGE 28 ===

There ls something deeply unnerving about the farm Wheat has been left to rot in the fields and everywhere you see signs of neglect. As the rain drums down around you, keeping caution foremost in your mind will you approach the farm directly along the muddy track that leads to the farmyard (turn to 420), via the wheat-field to your left (turn to 460), or across the muddy pasture to the right of the road (turn to 393}? On the other hand you may now prefer to hum back and leave this place (turn to 484

=== SECTION 54 | PDF PAGE 28 ===

Plumbus Gelt's stall is arrayed with all manner o! coloured glass potion bottles and the other accou- trements befitting a work-a-day alchernist. There is a crucible set above a small, smouldering brazier, 4 pestle and mortar, as well as ingots of metal still to be worked. You get chatting with the eccentric alchemist all patched robes, wild hair and scorched eyebrows - who happily divulges the properties of his wares and their prices. You may buy one of each of the items listed below, as long as you have enough money (and any other special materials required Healing Potion Cosi: 4 Gold Pieces Drinking this potion will restore your STAMINA score to its /ritial level and reduce your CHANGE score by 2 Elistr of Expertise Cost: 6 Gold Pieces This potion will restore your SKILL score to its Initial fevel and will increase your Attack Strength by 1 point for the first battle you fight afler consuming the elixir Fare-Thee-Well Cost: 5 Gold Pieces When drunk, this potion restores your LUCK score to Intiiol level. The next ime you have to Test your tuck after drinking the potion you do not need to roll amy dice as you will be Lucky automatically and will pot need to lose 1 LUCE point either Lead Bullets Cosi: 4 Gold Pieces You can purchase six lead bullets for use with a Flintlock Pistol for a reasonable price. If you already have such a pistol you will] know how to use them Silver Bullets Cost: 6 Geld Pieces # you have an item of silver (such as a Silver Dagger Salver Cross or Silver Candlesticks) the alchemist can 'melt down the precious metal to make six silver bullets. Plumbus will melt down 4 maximum of two silver items for you. As this is a relatively laborious Process there will not be time for him to make more than bwelve bullets in total f iron Padlock Cost: 5 Gald Pieces As described, this is a large, iran padlock, which comes with its own set of keys Hrass Key Cost: 4 Gatd Pieces Plumbus claims he cannot recall how he came by this key, nor what it is that it opens, but it is such a large and finely wrought piece = ensorcelled with silver filigree - that it must be valuable in its own right When you have finished making your purchases, you may peruse the market for more practical pieces of equipment (turn to 170), join with the hunting party outside the meeting hall (turn to 201) or leave the town without any further delay (turn to 507

=== SECTION 55 | PDF PAGE 29 ===

The contorted shadow-shapes of stunted moorland trees come and go through the fog so that you cannot even use the bleak, rocky bluffs of the landscape or the dark quagmire pools of peat bogs as effective way- markers. Strangely muffled hoots and echoing eroaking cries add to the eerie atmosphere of the moors. To try to go back now would be as hopeless as to continue your directionless wandering. So you Press on and after another hour you realise that you are totally lost. Test your Luek. If you are Lucky, turn to 272. If you are Unlucky, turn to 27
