Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 8 of 30

Range: SECTION 104 through SECTION 118



=== SECTION 104 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

Archer's Arrows is a shraightforward game of shall Archer - for it is he who runs the stall - and his assistant, an altractive young woman, have sel up three targets at the back of his booth: 1 Gold Piece buys you three arrows with which you have to hit the targets, one in each. If you do not want to play turn te 167 now; if you do, read on You hand over your money le Archer who says to his assistant, 'Come on, Leisel, give our challenger his three arrows,' (If you have the codeword Refsis on your Adventure Sheet after you have finished playing turn to 117 To hit the first target with the first arrow you much Test your Skill: you succeed if you make a successhul roll. Do the same for the second target and arrow but add 1 to the number you roll when Testing your SKI and on the third go add 2 to the number rolled. If you succeed with all three ralls you win 5 Gold Pieces and then have to leave the stall (turn to 169). If you fail any of the ralls you lose. You may have up to three eces before you have to move on from here (turn to 167

=== SECTION 105 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

You find yourself in a luridly decorated chamber Cn display are all manner of musical instuments lates, viols, horns, a harp and an omately painted harpsichord. Ancther decor leads gut of the Music Room on the opposite side of the chamber. You start to cross the room but are barely halfway across when a great cacophenous noise erupts from the instruments around you, a jangling of bells, twanging of harp- stings, jingling of keys, crashing of chords and trumpeting of horns, As the spectral music continues vou run for the second door. Roll hwo dice. If the total is less than, ot equal to, your CHANGE score, turn bo 225, If it is greater, you make it out of the room suffering no ill after effects (bum to 421

=== SECTION 106 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

Unaatiral Vigour - Your continued transformation into a Werewolf has granted you an increased metabolism and resistance to damage. After a battle ¥ou may restore up to half the number of samina soints you lost during the fight. Also, if you suffer any injuries outside a combat situation you may reduce the damage sustained by 1 point. Make a note of this new special ability on your Adventure Sheet and then cum. to the paragraph with the same number as the one you were Jast instructed lo write dowm You hurry over to Ulrich. At first you are thrilled to see that he is not dead - he lies there with one hand clamped over the wound to his throat - but then you realise that thece is somelhing else terribly wrong. By she light of your lantern you see that Ulrich's eyes Save tured blood-red and his face is pulsating, as 108 though the bones beneath are rearranging themselves The wounded woodsman fixes you with that same red-eyed stare. "Run!" is the one discemible word he Manages to ulter before his voice becomes an animal roar. Backing away in horrified disbelief you cannot tear your eyes away as Ulrich suffers his own flesh- warping transformation. His body swells, bursting his clothes at the seams, becoming covered in thick brown hair. At the same time the whole shape of his head changes - gaining a snout and fang-filled maw - while his hands change into heavy paws. He too is a skin-changer but the second skin he wears beneath his human one is that of a wild bear! Rising on its hind legs, bellowing ferociously, the Werebear attacks! You have no choice but to fight your friend WEREBEAR SKILL& STAMINA 10 Slow to anger and yet highly dangerous once aroused Ulrich the Werebear is a formidable opponent. If he wounds you more than bwice, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle, turn to aos

=== SECTION 107 | PDF PAGE 48 ===

You hurry over to Ulrich. At first you are thrilled to see that he is not dead - he lies there with one hand clamped over the wound to his throat - but then you realise that thece is somelhing else terribly wrong. By she light of your lantern you see that Ulrich's eyes Save tured blood-red and his face is pulsating, as though the bones beneath are rearranging themselves The wounded woodsman fixes you with that same red-eyed stare. "Run!" is the one discemible word he Manages to ulter before his voice becomes an animal roar. Backing away in horrified disbelief you cannot tear your eyes away as Ulrich suffers his own flesh- warping transformation. His body swells, bursting his clothes at the seams, becoming covered in thick brown hair. At the same time the whole shape of his head changes - gaining a snout and fang-filled maw - while his hands change into heavy paws. He too is a skin-changer but the second skin he wears beneath his human one is that of a wild bear! Rising on its hind legs, bellowing ferociously, the Werebear attacks! You have no choice but to fight your friend WEREBEAR SKILL& STAMINA 10 Slow to anger and yet highly dangerous once aroused Ulrich the Werebear is a formidable opponent. If he wounds you more than bwice, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle, turn to aos

=== SECTION 108 | PDF PAGE 49 ===

After everything you have been told or discovered so far, you really do begin to imagine that this is all too easy. Lowering the cup you take a step towards the monk, trying to peek under his cow!, The unexpected blew comes from behind as a blunt instrument cracks across the back of your head. You fall unconscious to the floor of the herbarium. Lose 2 STAMINA points and turn to 26

=== SECTION 109 | PDF PAGE 49 ===

Since my grandfather's time there has been talk of the wild woods round these parts being haunted. Every once in a while a wandering beggar or 2 child would stray from the path and get test in the woods, never to be seen again. Whenever that happened the village folk would always look knowingly at one another and say, "The Howling called them and lhey went,"' But what is the Howling?' you ask Some say it is the call of the wild. Some that it's the ghosts of all the animals that have been hunted to a violent end in the wild woods,' Konrad goes on. 'But whatever it {s, over the last year there have been more and more strange occurrences, until last month when the attacks began. But you'll see for yourself soon enough.' None the wiser, but feeling a lot leas certain, you do what you can to prepare to face whatever it is that is threatening Strigciva. Turn te 395

=== SECTION 110 | PDF PAGE 49 ===

Your foot touches a flagstone, which is the trigger for another trap. The floor drops away and you cannot stop yourself plummeting through the trapdoor into a vertical chute. You drop down the pipe until another opening appears beneath you. You pass through the hole to find yourself freefalling through the air into Garou Gorge, the protruding turret vanishing into the velvet night sky above you. There is no way that you can survive a fall from such a height. Your adventure ends with your body smashed ta pieces on the rocks at the bottom of the gorge far below

=== SECTION 111 | PDF PAGE 50 ===

You wake from a feverish and terrifyingly realistic dream, in which a wolf is snapping at you wilh slavering jaws. You open your eyes and find yourself looking up at the cobwebbed rafters of a wooden shack. You are suddenly brought back to the present witha starl, a rush of unbidden and unpleasant mem- ones whirling through your mind. You remember calching sight of the hut betveen the Irees, a beacon of hope in the cold, wolbhaunted night. Your next recollection is a painhul one- the savage atlack by the Black Wolf - and then you recall Ihe face of the woodsman peenng down at you, his axe gripped finnly in his meaty hands, its sharp edge ruddy with the wolf's blood Bul now you are lying on the uncomfortable, straw- stuffed mattress of a pallet bed. You force yourself to situp and gasp in pain from the savage wolf bite you received to your shoulder. "You want to take care of that," you hear a gruff voice say and you turn in surprise - wincing again as the wound smarts - Lo see a thickset, bearded man siting at a table next to a stane chimney breast, smoking a pipe. His careworn Face is lit by the dull orange glow ofa fire, crackling in the hearth. 'T've cleaned and dressed the wound as best I can but its going lo take time to heal.' A candle burns in the window and outside all is shrouded in darkness Not really sure where you are, who the manis, or why he's chosen to take care of you, you mumble your thanks. 'Come, sit. There's something I have ta show you." Cautiously you rise from the bed and join the man at the table, 'I'm Ulrich, and I make my living as forester in these wild woods,' he says, proffering his hand as you lake a seat. On the table in front of the woodsman is a bundle of coarse, bloodstained cloth and you find yourself wondering why a seemingly decent man would want to live oul here in such a wild, isolated and dangerous place What happened?' you ask, unable to take your cyes off the crimson bundle that lies between the two of vou. éind so Ulrich relates his version of even. He was imside his shack when he heard the wolves howling and your cries. Taking up his axe, he rashed to youraid 'managed to lav a savage wound on that black wolf,' he explains. 'Sent it packing, Lhe rest of ils sorry pack scurrying after, once they saw their leader bested.' You wanted to show me something,' you remind Ulrich Indeed I do,' he mutters, and begins to unwrap the bundle in front of him. 'I told you [ dealt the wolf a savage blow. Well, in fact, I cut off its paw, AE least, it was a paw to begin with ..." Ulrich peels back the last strip of bloodstained cloth, But tell me, does that look like 4 paw to you?" Lying on the table in front of you is a gnarled black- furred claw, somewhere between 4 human hand and a wolf's paw. Horror bwists your heart in its chilling grip. Before Ulrich even has a chance to explain, you already know what he is going to say. "That wasn't a wolf that attacked you out there in the woods tanight Itwasa...' Werewoll!' you finish. You know what this means. It would explain your feverishnessand horriblehallucin- atory dream. For the bite of a werewolf -a man cursed to take on the form of a wolf when moonlight bathes the world - carries the dread disease of lycanthropy the selfsame affliction that is responsible for its own ghastly transformation. It is as good as a death sentence, for without a cure, the only future you can look forward lo is one of madness and murder, as the wolf inside you struggles to free itself and satisfy its bloodlust You stare at the grotesque object lying on the table Even a8 you watch, it appears to become more human and less animal in form, Seeing your reaction Ulrich says, "This is an evil thing and should be destroyed. Throw it into the fire and be done with it' Do you want to throw the changing hand into the fire immediately (turn to age}, or do you want to take a closer look at it first (turn to 139)? I raz You skilfully take control of the horses and the stage- coach. Then, animal senses suddenly flaring, you hear a terrible roar from behind and feel your blood turn to ice. Turning, you see the huge and dreadful form of Werebeast as it leaps over the back of the carriage claws outstretched to tear you limb from limb. If you have a crossbow or pistol, and something to fire, turn to. gg. [inot, turn to 206

=== SECTION 112 | PDF PAGE 51 ===

Al your killing blow the demon dog slumps to the ground, the bulging milky orb of its blind eye still staring up at you, As you watch, the Shuck's body begins to bubble and smoke, dissolving into a foul black slime, until all that is left are a few bones and its yellowed fangs. You look up to see that the door to the chapel-shrine is open. A wild-haired man, dressed in a worm and patched robe and sporting an equally unkempt beard, is standing at the threshold holding a ! large silver cross. He has seen everything. 'It appears I owe you a debt of thanks,' the guardian of the shrine Says. "May the gods bless you.' Regain 1 Luck point and lose 2 CHANGE points thanks to the priest's blessing. Add the codeword Nomed to your Adventure Sheet and turn to 367

=== SECTION 113 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

At your final, killing stroke, the giant maggot goes into its death-throes. Convulsing violently, il thrashes about in the slick mess of its own yellow ichor-blood Its segmented tail hits one of the incense-buming braziers, sending the brass sland crashing lo the floor and het coals cascading across the flagstones of ihe sanctuary. Several of these come lo rest among, ihe gathered swathes of church vestments. In mere moments the fabric is alight and seconds later fire has seized hold of the Abbey building. It somehow seems fiting that the corruption that was at work here should new be purged with fire. (Regain 1 Luck point Taking nothing from this desecrated lemple, you flee Abbey. No one tries to stop you as you run back through the courtyard to Lhe main entrance, and from there you follow the winding track back through the crags. By the Hime you re turn lo the highway, the night sky to the east is litup for miles around by the blazing beacon of lhe buming Abbey Eventually you can go no further withcut stopping to rest. You sleep fitfully, in a ditch beside the road, and come the morming you are on your way again. Turn fo 5a0

=== SECTION 114 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

At your final, killing stroke, the giant maggot goes into its death-throes. Convulsing violently, il thrashes about in the slick mess of its own yellow ichor-blood Its segmented tail hits one of the incense-buming braziers, sending the brass sland crashing lo the floor and het coals cascading across the flagstones of ihe sanctuary. Several of these come lo rest among, ihe gathered swathes of church vestments. In mere moments the fabric is alight and seconds later fire has seized hold of the Abbey building. It somehow seems fiting that the corruption that was at work here should new be purged with fire. (Regain 1 Luck point Taking nothing from this desecrated lemple, you flee Abbey. No one tries to stop you as you run back through the courtyard to Lhe main entrance, and from there you follow the winding track back through the crags. By the Hime you re turn lo the highway, the night sky to the east is litup for miles around by the blazing beacon of lhe buming Abbey Eventually you can go no further withcut stopping to rest. You sleep fitfully, in a ditch beside the road, and come the morming you are on your way again. Turn fo 5a0

=== SECTION 115 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

You deliver what you would have thought was a killing blow against lhe Highwayman's body. But what's this? The undead criminal still stands, laughing at your vain attempts to destroy him. "You cannot kill what does nol live!' the Headless Highwayman declares triumphantly. Barely controlling your rising sense of panic, you choose a different course of action Will yeu try to destroy the symbol marked out on the fluor of ihe stable (turn to 241), snalch up the skull turn to 295) or mun for it while you still can {turn to 93)?

=== SECTION 116 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

Making your way between the Lali, sharply pitched buildings, you arrive at the village square, where an impromptu meeting appears to be taking place. The villagers present are all carrying pitchforks, scythes and other objects, which might well be improvised wripons. As soon as they become aware of your Presence, a hush falls over the assembled throng and all eyes fix on you, making you feel incredibly uncom- torlable. A lean, middle-aged man, wilh thinning prey hair and wearing a chain mail-covered leather tunic delaches himself from the crowd and approaches you AD A el ae © 4 ee ly Cae == -_ fi Beet ook 48 se --- 1? He holds his hands open to show that he means no il but the scabharded sword buckled to his belt and the steely look in his eyes sugpest this man is not to be fooled with. "Ho, friend," he cails. "We dan't get many strangers visit us in these parts. Where are you from and what can we do for you" How will you answer the man's question? Will you tell him the truth, that you were travelling through the backwoods when you were attacked by a pack of wolves (turn to 57}? Will you tell him that you were travelling from Pritzbad to Saarven when you left the road and became lost in the forest (turn to 145)? Or will you tell hin that you are a wandering sword-for-hire in search of an employer who might appreciate your services turn to 268)?

=== SECTION 117 | PDF PAGE 53 ===

You beckon Archer's assistant to one side. Once she has confirmed that her name is Leisel you tell her how you met her brother Hans at The Gibbet Tree. As you tell her of his heartbroken search for het, in order to bring her home again, she bursts into tears. 'I was too hasty,' she says between sobs. 'I should not have lef home so suddenly. Oh my poor Hans. must re turn to hin, Thank you, stranger, for bringing me news of my brother. May the gods bless you.' You feel the warm glow of a good job well done, and feel that you have achieved something to help repair the broken relation- ships of an unhappy home. Regain 1 Luck point and turn to 167

=== SECTION 118 | PDF PAGE 53 ===

CIC Convert the letters of the winler elemental's name into numbers, using the code A=1, B=2,C=3 ,., Z=26 Add the numbers together and then turn to the paragraph, which is the same as the total, If the paragraph makes no sense you have got the creature's fame wrong and you are going to have to try a different approach, Will you threaten the creature to let you pass (turn to 228), or will you try something else (harm to 265)?
