Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 19 of 29

Range: SECTION 320 through SECTION 336



=== SECTION 320 | PDF PAGE 121 ===

the crypt extends beneath the foundations of the lower, the vaulted roof supported by a series of stone arches, Between the columns stand numerous stone sarcophagi. Moving towards you between the tombs are four shambling corpses, their rotting flesh covered by filthy grave-shrouds. You will be able to escape from the crypt before the zombies ever reach you, if you leave immediately (turn to 7). However, if you would rather face the undead in battle, in the confines of the crypt you can fight them one ata time Second ZOMBIE é 5 Fourth ZOMBIE 6 & If you defeat the undead crypt stalkers, add 1 to your ALARM 5core and tuum to 333

=== SECTION 321 | PDF PAGE 122 ===

You enter a mahogany-panelled corridor festooned with black velvet drapes, the spaces between hung wath the portraits of the ruling house of Lupravia Above them are the plaque-mounted heads of deez wild boar and more exotic animals, including a uni- corm among them, hunting trophies of the Wulfen family, The members of the Wulfen line all bear an uncanny resemblan¢e to one another, with lean, gaunt faces and hungry, wolfish expressions, Passing along the corrider you come to the portraits of the two current princes of this dark land, First there is Prince Garoul, the werewolf you first killed. His portrait seems to stare al you with its piercing, red-gleaming eyes, right oul of the canvas. His untidy black hair hangs down around his shoulders like a mane, a streak of grey cunning through it from a widow's peak. Then there is the mad prince's brother, Count Varcolac, He is a forbidding man indeed. Where his brother is dark, he is grey, although he has the same untamed look about him but tempered with a lordly air, He is ruggedly handsome and has pronounced canine teeth. The eyes of the painting seem to bore into yours, and suddenly instinct tells you that this is the creature you have come to kill. Roll two dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal to your CHANGE score turn to 486. lf itis greater, turn to 158

=== SECTION 322 | PDF PAGE 122 ===

Eventually you reach the other side of the cave and breathe a sigh of relief. You duck down the new stretch of tunnel, the stony floor becoming steadily drier "underfoot until itjoins another tunnel running perpen- 'icular to it. To your right, the passageway dissolves into darkness whereas, to the left, the tunnel soon ends al a circular grille. In turn, beyond thal, lies a torct-lit, stone-walled corrider. It seems the logical ® choice. Turn to 441 * 333 The gypsies readily welcome you into their gathering and soon you are tucking into roasted rabbit and cask- brewed fiery vodka. (Restore up to 4 STAMINA points Caught up in the fervour of good feeling - watching Mortani dance the night away, your soul soothed Sy the music - the evening seems to pass like a dream and eventually, exhausted alter your long trek through the woods, sleep takes you You wake refreshed from a dreamless sleep to find the grass glistening with dew, the ground cold beneath you, and the Mortani gone: only the blackened embers @

=== SECTION 323 | PDF PAGE 122 ===

The gypsies readily welcome you into their gathering and soon you are tucking into roasted rabbit and cask- brewed fiery vodka. (Restore up to 4 STAMINA points Caught up in the fervour of good feeling - watching Mortani dance the night away, your soul soothed Sy the music - the evening seems to pass like a dream and eventually, exhausted alter your long trek through the woods, sleep takes you You wake refreshed from a dreamless sleep to find the grass glistening with dew, the ground cold beneath you, and the Mortani gone: only the blackened embers of their campfire remain. Mystified by the strange behaviour of the capricious gypsies, you prepare to set of again when something about the weight of your backpack makes you stop and check inside it. Roll] one dice. On a roll of 1-2, turn to 353; on a roll of 3-4, Furn to 366; and on a roll of 5-6, turn to 778

=== SECTION 324 | PDF PAGE 123 ===

You burst through the farmhouse door and into a fire- lit kitchen. Cowering in the corner are an elderly couple and next to them - you note with some surprise -- a cradle. Seeing their armodous expressions you bluster an apology and something about wanting to shelter from the storm. Once they are reassured you are not here to murder and rob them, the aging farmer and his wife make you welcome, offering you a seat by the fre and a bowl of himip soup, warming you inside and out. Bearing in mind what you have seen so far, you converse with the couple cautiously and taste the soup with some trepidation. You are pleased to find that there are no unpleasant ingredients inclu- ded (restore up to 3 STAMINA points). Your preter natural senses tell you that there is nothing malevolent about the couple but that some evi] enchantment has the farm under its spell. Your questions imevitably turn to the disturbing nature of the farm. 'A holding like this must fake some work to maintain,' you say Ts there anyone else working for you here?' No,' says Farmer Bauer, 'Just meself, the wife Mistress Bauer and our little one.' Little one? Surely the couple are far boo old to have a new baby! But Farmer Bauer points to the cradle. "That's right, our baby boy, our pride and joy, long wished for and now here with us. A foundling he was, not these hwo months past. One day our hovse and home was as ! quiet and cheerless as it ever had been, since we lost Tomas these twenty summers past, the next there he was on our doorstep, and suddenly hearth and home knew joy and laughter once again.' Have a lock, why don't you,' says Mistress Bauer Pick hum up if you like.' Your animal senses snarling at you from your subconscious, you tean over the cradle and pull back the covers. It is all you can do not to cry out in shock and recoil from the cot. Lying there wrapped in a woollen blanket is a0 baby - at least no human child The thing looks more like a malevolent imp, a wolfish sprite covered in thick fur, with pointed ears, fangs and claws, and a grotesque gargoyle's smile splitting its warty face. The Changeling fixes you with darkly burning eyes and its sinister smile widens, a guttural prow! rising from its throat Isn'thea bonny boy?' Mistress Bauer says. This sprite has enchanted the farmer and his wife into believing that it is what they want it to be, but its evil influence has also spread to the rest of the farm. How long before it increases in power and its influence spreads to the lands beyond? Your own changing state has prevented the Changeling's spell from working on you, and only you can do anything about it. But how are you going to resolve this situation? Will you challenge the Changeling outright (tur to 270) or will you attempt to use cunning to achieve the same goal furn to 468)?

=== SECTION 325 | PDF PAGE 124 ===

Among the Vampiress' possessions are a number of items that may be of value to you, including a Gilt Mirror, a brass telescope, a lodestane and gold and jewels to a value of 20 Gold Pieces. You also find a small, teak chest. Inside, lying on a bed of black velvet is an ornate Silver Dagger If you want to take the Silver Dagger, add it to your Adventure Sheet. You may use the dagger in combat but, if you do so, you will have to fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. Injuries you cause any creature with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to their kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm the Undead but will only cause the usual 2 sTammNA points of There is nothing else for you here so you run back down the long winding staircase. Turn bo 346

=== SECTION 326 | PDF PAGE 124 ===

Having heard you cut, Grandmother Zekova pives you her considered opinion. "There is only one other course of action left open to you now. If you are to nid yourself of this terrible curse, you must find and kill the first of the werewolf bloodline before the next full moon, of become a werewolf yourself,' The first of the bloodline, but that could be the black-furred werewolf that infected you in the first place Ulrich has obviously made the same connection. 'We must hurty my friend, if we are to catch your killer and saye your soul.' Tarn to 124

=== SECTION 327 | PDF PAGE 124 ===

You hold the mirrer out in front of you, reflecting Varcolac's transformed visage back at him. At first the Werewolf appears to recoil, yellow eyes widening in surprise. Then the creature lashes out with a laudly muscled arm, smashing the silvered glass from your hands. [t smashes on the floor of the chamber as the claws gouge your arm. Lose 2 STAMINA points and Fumi fo 150

=== SECTION 328 | PDF PAGE 125 ===

Despite its sensationalist title, the History of the Cadre infernal is a rather dry tome regarding the debauched activities of a group of ambitious aristecrats from the principalities of Mauristatia. Their main aims bemg social advancement and control of lands at the centre of the Old World, the Cadre was something like a cult for the idle rich. Through connections with the Cadre its members were able to arrange politically advan- tageous mamages, burgeoning business alliances and partake of every illicit substance, pashime and magical Practice they could think of. It was at its height a hundred years ago, drawing its members from the noble families of Mortvania and Hathoria, as well as Lupravia, but lost popularity im the years after the War of the Four Kingdoms. However, the author concludes by stating that there are rumours of the Cadre Infernal being revived two decades ago by a band of Lupravian aristocrats. Perhaps Vereticus' ° ; ie hy a = "a f _ sila inveshgations have uncovered something about this group. CF you want to ask him about the Cadre Infernal, the next paragraph in which you encounter the scholar, subtract 50 and turn to that new para- graph.) As Vereticus has still not rehumed, you decide to skim through one of the shorter reads you have found, Will you look at Lycanthropy: The Curse of the Werewolf (barn to 313) or Grywiin's Folk-lore of Lupravia turn to 301)?

=== SECTION 329 | PDF PAGE 125 ===

Out in the open, under the blind white gaze of the moon again, will you flee the strange Carnivale (hum i) 29), or persist in your investigation (tum to 261)?

=== SECTION 330 | PDF PAGE 125 ===

To reach the crags north of Vargenhof, you pass through a spur of dense pine forest. As you progress through the undergrowth you notice that the trees are becoming festooned with thick drapes of webs that cover the branches like a shroud. The close-packed pines thin out again and you find yourself at the foot of a sundered peak, standing before the dark slash of a slanting cave mouth. The woods are eerily still within the vicinity of the cave, Perhaps this is a sign that the Werebeast has its lair here? Not taking any chances, you approach the entrance weapon in hand The washed-out grey light penetrates only a little way into the caver beyond. You listen intently and Sear only the occasional drip of water and the seund of your own heart thumping in your ears. If you are Boing to explore whatever lies beyond this cave mouth, you are going to need your lantern. If you want to turn back from the gaping darkness (or if you cannot use your lantern),turn to 244. However, if you do want to enter the cave in search of the Beast, you can either do so immediately (tum to 70), or wait until nightfall to surprise the creature in its Lair (turn to 49

=== SECTION 331 | PDF PAGE 126 ===

Retracing your steps through the claustrophobic caves, you find your way back to the chamber by which you entered the caves beneath Sundered Peak From there you make your way oul, emerging into the clearing before the cave mouth by which you first entered the underworld. Turn to 244

=== SECTION 332 | PDF PAGE 126 ===

T seek to rid the land of the dark forces that would claim dominion over it, for T too have sworn myself to a quest such as yours,' the man says grandly. 'Let us sit and talk awhile, for | am always on the lookout for allies in the etemal fight against Evil' The man holsters his pistol and sils down on a sundered roof beam opposite you. 'But ] am forgetting, myself,' he goes on, proffering his hand in comradeship, 'my name is Van Richten and | am a Vampire Hunter.' The two of you get to talking about all the evils that threaten the security and sanctity of the world. 'The Were has its filthy claws well and truly sunk into the principality of Lupravia,' he tells you, his voice suddenly hushed and conspiratorial. 'I fear that the Wulfen and there are precious few of us left to counter

=== SECTION 333 | PDF PAGE 126 ===

the threat of Gid Night, men such as myself, Doktor Kafka and the hermit priest Corran. Even that grief- stricken scholar Vereticus has become a recluse and ® tumed his back on old acquaintances. Myself, the Doktor and the priest are in fact all who remain of the secret Order of the Black Rose, and I have not had word from Corran for many months now. But it is not only the power of the Were that threatens the mortal souls of this land. There are others among the aristo- ® cacy of the night who would see the people of Lupravia subjugated beneath the yoke of their blas- Phemous oppression. My current mission concerns the ungodly creature that threatens the people of Maun, not half a day's journey east of here. I could make use of one such as yourself. Will you join me in my quest?' [f you agree to help Van Richten, turn to 4979. If you decline his request, turn to 419 ® With the zombies dead you are able to explore the erypl without fear of further hindrance. Among the Sroken tombs and mouldering sarcophagi, you finda Slackwood coffin, finished with brass fittings, resting ena polished granite plinth. it is open and empty Ened with red velvet, but it must be here for a reason '# you want to destroy the coffin make a note of the fact that you have done so on your Adventure Sheet ® There is nothing of any use to you that you can take away from the crypl, 30 you head back to the spiral Saircase and set about climbing the worn steps once again {tum to 7

=== SECTION 334 | PDF PAGE 127 ===

BS = "rif iE ee = = 7 ie ; ; Seu ag " igre Se "4 - * Ch Fate aT ES Over the roars of the enraged Beast you hear the Kwang of a crossbow firing, and another bolt buries itself in the monster's shoulder. The young woman has recovered herself and her weapon. Side-by-side the two of you prepare to finish the brutish Beast. And then, howling like a beaten dog, it is gone, away T must thank you, stranger,' the young woman says through the woods to escape its end turning large, limpid eyes on you. Her striking beauty J takes your breath away but it is tempered by a hard unsmiling mouth and eyes that tell of many dark things seen and overcome. 'T fear that were it not for your intervention, the Beast would have been the end of me.' It is nothing, you tell her, and intraduce yourself. "Jt was anything but nothing,' the woman chides, 'and I, Katya of the Crimson Cloak should 7 know, being a hunter of were-creatures myself. But Inust be away; our quarry eludes us even now. We cannot let it get away!' (Add the codeword Aytak to The injured Werebeast leaves a trail that even one unskilled in the ways of the tracker could follow. The tail of blood spots and gouging paw-prints leads you Sack to the town and right up to the steps of the meeting hall! You burst in, expecting a scene of camage and chaos to greet you but there is no sign of any monster and everything seems calm. What is going on? The Werebeast must have resumed human form! Gathered before you in the hall are five men Your lupine senses flaring, you know that one of them

=== SECTION 335 | PDF PAGE 128 ===

is the creabure you now seek, but which one? You and Katya scan their surprised faces, as you bry to discern which is the savage, murdering monster you seek Veteran hunter Johannes? Turn to 453 Gregor the blacksmith? Turn to 377 Trapper Sorn? Turn to 50g Burzomaster Straub? Turn to 6a Piotr, Master of the Hounds? Turn 19 199

=== SECTION 336 | PDF PAGE 128 ===

Grandmother Zekova sile you down on 4 chair and then, without making any great show of what she is doing, pulls up the sleeve of your jerkin and puts a knife to an exposed vein. Your blood starts to flow hat and dark, and she collects it in a shallow wooden bowl. The wisewoman keeps the wound open for several minutes until you start to feel light-headed and woozy. (Lose 3 STAMINA points.} Just as you think you are going to pass oul she steunches the blood- flow with a poultice of herbs and then quickly binds the wound with a strip of cloth bandage As you take a moment to recover from the bleeding Grandmother Zekova lakes a stoppered gound-bottle from. a shelf and warms {ts contents in a small cauidron over the fire. She adds a bundle of dried herbs and then leaves the concoction to sumumer. The close air inside the cottage is filled with an acrid aroma Another half an hour and the potion is ready. 'Drink this,' Grandmother Zekova commands, shoving a ladleful of viscous grey-green liquid in front of your lips. Holding your nose you swallow the potion in a single gulp, hoping not to taste it. Although you feel ne obvious effects, the potion begins to act immedi- ately, slowing the transformation that the lycanthropy is working upon your physical form. (Subtract 2 7 points from your CHANGE score.) Now turn to 382
