Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 26 of 30

Range: SECTION 441 through SECTION 459



=== SECTION 441 | PDF PAGE 164 ===

Approaching Count Varcolac's throne you kneel before him, keeping a watchful eye on the hnge Wolves that, in turn, keep a wary, jaundiced eye on you. The Count extends his signet ring so that you might kiss it and, maintaining the pretence for as long as you dare, yau touch your lips to the warm gold That's right, my pet," Varcolac growls. 'Now, reveal <a co your true form to me!' At his comumand, agonising Pains seize every muscle of your bedy. Roll three dice If the total rolled is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, Cum to 423. [fit is greater, turn to 247

=== SECTION 442 | PDF PAGE 165 ===

Before you reach the end of the twisting tunnel you make out sparkling light coming from the chamber that lies at its end. You emerge from the passageway behind a large stalagmite and enter a cave lit by glittering crystals set into the dark limestone walls This strange luminescence sparkles from myriad webs strung across the chamber - almost like curtains and drapes - making the webs lock like they have been spun from pure silver. The light also reflects from genuine treasures. Gold pieces lie scattered on the floor of the chamber, along with other, less valuable objects; battered helmets, rusty swords and axes rotten backpacks and gnawed pieces of leather armour Then you hear the voice: it is that of a woman, but strained with anxiety and with a hissing impediment Where is it?' the voice is saying, "Who's taken it? Where's my fine sharpness, my glittering silverness? Who has it? Where is it?' the woman repeats over and over Rounding the edge of the stalagmite you gasp in amazement and horror at what you see before you Covering the far end of the crystal-lit cave is the most intricate, most beautifully woven, and largest web you have ever seen. It is decorated with strings of pearls and precious stones, but amid all this ostentatious wealth squats one of the most hideous things you have ever seen. At first glance it appears to have all the proportions of a epider only ona colossal scale, At second glance, however, you see that it 3 much worse than that. The monstrous arachnid body appears to have grown from that of a human woman From the waist dewm the abdomen of ihe monster isa swollen, hairy black pulsaling sac ending in silk- oozing spinnerets. From the waist up, however, the creature looks more human except that she has a total of six arms and two Jegs which, although they begin as human, become the long, bony black limbs of the spider, ending in cruelly barbed chitinous claws. Her matted hair is short and spiked, ke spider fur, and her possibly once beautiful face has been warped by yet more arachnid attributes, An additional six eyes have formed on her forehead above her human eyes looking like ripe black blisters, and her mouth has been stretched impossibly wide by the protrusion of huge spider fangs, each as long as your sword arm Lying on the sandy floor of the cavern are the desiccated bodies of adventurers - dwarfs as well as humans - sucked dry of all bodily fluids. And then the grossly mutated spider-woman sees you Ah, the thief returns to the scene of the crime!' she hisses. 'Wasit you? Did you take it, my precious sharp- ness?" [f you have the codeword Snilbog recorded on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 2. If not, hurn te 219g

=== SECTION 443 | PDF PAGE 166 ===

At your final, killing stroke, the body of the spectral creature unravels, dissolving back into mist with one final, soul-rending howl. But as their pack leader departs the Earthly Plane, so too do the other phantom features of the Howling. The last of the wolf-ghosts nottung but tendrils of nightmist, the dreadful wailing ceases, For a moment the villagers look around in stupefied silence and then, as they realise what you have done for them, a cheer goes up from the hunters. You have banished the Howling and saved the people of Stigoiva from their torment Regain 1 LUCK point You spend the rest of the night making merry with the elated villagers back at The Suckling Pig. Eventually, as dawn is breaking, you stumble off to bed in one of the inn's puest-rooms, the use of which you have been given for free with the Strigoivians' thanks, When you wake again, from a thankfully nightmare-free sleep you discover that it is already well past noon, You feel much better for the rest and buck into a brace of wood Pigeon cooked for you by the landlord's wife. (Regain 4 STAMINA points.) But a great feeling of unease still hangs over you. Your personal quest demands that you move on from Strigoiva again. Leaving the village and its grateful populace, you can either follow the toad where it divides, to the north (turn to 260) or the east (turn to 478), or you take the less well-travelled track into the forest that lies a mile or eo to the north- east of Strigaiva (turn to 8)? ESS

=== SECTION 444 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

Al first you Lhink you are winning, then you misjudge the best route to take to avoid a boulder on the road m front af you. One of the carriage wheels hits the rock sending the stagecoach veering off the road. With whinnying shrieks of terror, the horses are pulled over the edge of the gorge as the coach topples past the point of no rebar, and down the side of the cliff, taking you and Katya with them. Your adventure ends her your badies smashed on the jageed rocks far below

=== SECTION 445 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

Who will face the challenge of the Cage?' a bald- headed strongman dressed in a leopard-skin leotard and sporting a fine moustache calls to the crowd from a roughly erected stage. "Tame the savage Grendel and 10 Gold Pieces could be yours! Standing behind him, belore a painted backdrop, 15 a large cage. Inside it is the beast he speaks of. It is af least a head taller than the strongman and as broad across the shoulders as a gorilla, Its arms are as Unick as ship's cables corded wilh muscle, and end in cJub-like fists. 'The crealure's skin is green and pilted, its face suggestive of a primitive ogre bloodline. As you are considering taking up the challenge you see that a thickset bearded man - whom you take for a blacksmith - is being led away from the stage holding a hand to his bloaclied and broken nose. The aim of the game is to enter the Cage unarmed and subdue this Grendel. If you wan to take up the challenge it will cosl you 2 Gold Pieces (barn to 458). LE you would rather leave il to sume olher mug to tame the beast,turn to 167 inn ----- You inevilably crush any number of puffballs and mushrooms beneath your feet, the fungi releasing clouds of spores inlo the damp air. As you could have predicted, the spores irritate your airways and lungs You burst through the door on the other side and collapse in the corridor beyond, your body convulsed by hacking coughs. (Lose 3 STAMINA points and add 1 lo your CHANGE score.) Turn to 492

=== SECTION 446 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

You misjudge your mings and suffer the consequen- ces as the heavy swinging blade slices into you. Roll one dice and add 2: this is the total number of STAMINA points you must lose. Lf you survive such a terrible injury, you collapse on the floor of the cormdor on the other side af Lhe pendulum blade (turn to 208

=== SECTION 447 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

You misjudge your mings and suffer the consequen- ces as the heavy swinging blade slices into you. Roll one dice and add 2: this is the total number of STAMINA points you must lose. Lf you survive such a terrible injury, you collapse on the floor of the cormdor on the other side af Lhe pendulum blade (turn to 208

=== SECTION 448 | PDF PAGE 167 ===

AS soon as you enter the corridor, the doors slam shut behind you and something begins to manifest. Some unholy phantasm is clothing itself in shadows, taking on a threatening form. Your actions within the Tower Maun have alerted the Lady to your presence and your arrival has been anbcipated. The necromancer hat is the power in this place has brough! forth entities that normally dwell on the Spirit Plane, until a practitioner of the Dark Arts summens them lo the earihly realm. Trailing smoky tendrils, the faceless shadow-bom creatures circle you, ready to rake your flesh with claws formed of impenetrable darkness. Il you have the codeword Nethcir recorded on your Adventure Sheet, tam to 463. If not, you have no choice but to take up your weapon and defend yourself. In the narrow confines of the corridor, ight the shadow- bom one at a time SKILL STAMINA First TENEBRAEB 7 7 Second TENEBRAE 7 6 Third TENEBRAE 8 7 Fortunately cold steel is just as effective against the Tenebrae as silver or magic. If you manage to defeal these creatures of darkness, turn to 477

=== SECTION 449 | PDF PAGE 168 ===

Adventure Sheet, tam to 463. If not, you have no choice but to take up your weapon and defend yourself. In the narrow confines of the corridor, ight the shadow- bom one at a time SKILL STAMINA First TENEBRAEB 7 7 Second TENEBRAE 7 6 Third TENEBRAE 8 7 Fortunately cold steel is just as effective against the Tenebrae as silver or magic. If you manage to defeal these creatures of darkness, turn to 477 A floorboard creaks ominously under your foot as you enter the room and you step swiftly inside. Shutting the door, you make your search undisturbed. There is nothing unusual about the bed or the small table next to it, but the chest is another matter altogether. Inside you find a number of folded dresses, which leads yau to believe that you are actually inside the bedchamber of the landlord's daughter. Underneath the dresses you find a strange collection of objects that includes buncles of herbs, dried powders in small glass bottles SSS eee eee _--O and a book covered in unsettling symbols. You decide to leave these well alone, as their connection to the Practice of witchcraft is obvious. However, you also find a bundle of letters, tied up with pink mbbon. A quick glance at these reveals that they are love letters written and signed by 'Meg' to someone simply referred to as 'My love' or "My fine gentleman'. This ts a curious mix of possessions to find in a barmaid's bedroom. Right at the bottom of the chest you find an omately carved wooden box secured with a brass lock. There is no key but you think you could force the box open with your swerd. Do you want to force the lock (har to 481), or will you leave the room and continue in your pursuit of the person who you now suspect is in fact Meg the landlord's daughter (turn to 226)?

=== SECTION 450 | PDF PAGE 168 ===

Pistol in hand you take aim and fire. Divide your SKILL score by 4, rounding fractions down: this is the num- ber of times you may fire the piste] before the Varcolac Werewolf will be on top of you, providing you have enough bullets loaded in the pistol. There is no time to Teload now, given your dire predicament! Test your Skit as you would normally to resolye whether your shots hit the werewolf. Conventional lead bullets causes the creature 2 points of stamina damape each Silver bullets, however, will each cause 3 STAMINA points of damage. When you come to fight the Arch- Lycanthrope in hand-to-hand combat, alter the Were- wolf's STAMINA score according to how many times you wound him with your pistol shots. Turn to 150 aaa

=== SECTION 451 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

Then you have heard of my studies concerning the powers of darkness and want my help,' the man says ina musing tone. 'Well, [ am sorry to disappoint you bul the services of Vereticus the Scholar are no longer for hire; J have my own work now that takes up all my time. | suggest you leave by the same way that you entered my estate.' Will you leave as Vereticus requests (turn to 46) or will you make the mast of the opportunity and do away with the vicious Wolf-Were and (hur bo 436)?

=== SECTION 452 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

Inserting the key in the hole, you burn il wntil you hear a ratchetting click. With a sudden lurch the automaton lakes a step towards you, and without hesitation tries to strike you with its crushing gauntlet-hard hands You have no choice but to take up your own weapon to defend yourself CLOCKWORK AUTOMATON smILLg STAMINA As it was the key that activated the Automaton, per- haps removing it would shut down your dockwork attacker again. If you want to try to knock out the key you must fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 2 point. However, if you win two consecutive Attack Rounds, fighting in this way, turn to 317. you - defeat the automaton, leaving its exquisite bodywork battered and broken on the floor of the workroom you quit and re turn to the junction, from there you take the door which is now ahead of you (Gum to 426}, of alternatively, the one that is now to your night (tum bo 496 ! --

=== SECTION 453 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

The veteran hunter curses as you strike al him and ducks out of your way. Cries go up from the others in the hall and you hear a terrible sound which makes your blood curdle - something like a cross between the roar of a bear and the howl of a wolf. You turn in horror to see what is happening lo Burgomasier Straub. turn to 62

=== SECTION 454 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

Lightning streaks down inside the building via the network of wires and cables, stray sparks flying in all directions, lighting the space with their wild, electric- blue brilliance. One of these jagged bolts strikes you and hurls you backwards into a bank of humming machinery. (Lose 4 stamina points. For as long as you remain in the windmill you must reduce your SKILL by 1 point as well.) Something is moving with jerky spasms at the centre of the chamber amid the blaze of white storm-Light. Picking yourself up you prepare to face the worst you can imagine, made brutally real Turn to 220

=== SECTION 455 | PDF PAGE 169 ===

I sense that your mission to rid the land of evil is a personal quest for retribution or an act of repentance,' the priest says. 'And having seen you put an end to Shuck where others, including myself could not, I can tell that you are a hero on whom the gods are smiling. For that reason I wish to bequeath you some- thing to aid you in your quest.' Corran leads you back up through the shrine to the altar to Saint Crucius, He takes up the cross that stands there and places it mto your hands. "Take this," he says, 'and may it guard you as well in your quest as it has protected this shrine these many years." Add the Silver Cross to your Equipment List and turn to 484

=== SECTION 456 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

You decide that you can work more effectively with- out others around you - making a lot of noise and scaring your would-be prey away - and set off alone without further delay. Gnce outside the town you scout the surrounding landscape, brying to work out where a monster like the Beast of Vargenhof would have its lair. Directly beyond the perimeter of the town lie the pastures, paddocks and pine forests wWhece the monster's aHacks have been centred, but to your mind these places are its hunting grounds and not its home. South of Vargenhof lie the blasted heaths, where you doubt any creature would look lor shelter. That leaves the wooded hills ic the east of the town and the craggy peaks that form the foothills of Orsov Mountains to the north. Where will you look for the Beast? In the eastern hills? Turn to 28 In the crags to the north? Turn to 330

=== SECTION 457 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

You manage to drive the lunatic back out of the cottage Ulrich slams the door shut again, bolting it securely once more. The wolves how] mournfully at the moon, the sound retreating as the lunatic leads them back into the forest. The woodsman and wise- woman stare at you primly. "The lycanthropy is still within you,' Grandmother Zekova says. "You are not cured. Tell me again about the creahure that attacked you.' If you have a Signet Ring, furn to 369. If not, tam to 326

=== SECTION 458 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

A young woman takes your backpack and sword-belt from you, once you have handed over your 2 Gold Pieces, anc then, taking a deep breath to steady your nerves, you enter the Cage, The Grendel-ogre goes for you immediately. You are not tying to kill your opponent in this contest your aim is merely to subdue the beast. To do this you need to win two Attack Rounds in a row. Roll for Attack Strengths as normal reducing yours by 1 as you are not using your sword but do not remove sraMIna points for damage sus- tained, merely keep track of who has won the round GRENDEL SKIEL & If you win two consecutive Attack Rounds first, turn to 270. LE Grendel wins fwo consecutive Attack Rounds before you, fur to 488

=== SECTION 459 | PDF PAGE 170 ===

At your killing blow, the demon dissolves into a sul- phurous black cloud again, leaving you free to study the baok to which it had been bound. On page 216 you find a ritual to banish demons. It involves marking outa pentacle-a five-pointed star-wsing consecrated artefacts. Who knows when such information might Omgi= 5" Mage ae) oe = ALT per a. as : a re) Pihe Mees Mts <<. lg AW A See eee YY ay paca yl Zo Mi? come in useful? With this knowledge safely stored away, you leave the library beforeitsuffers any further - demonic visitations. Re turning to the junction, will you take the door now to your left (fum to 496), or pass through the one directly ahead of you (bum to 310}?
