Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 16 of 29

Range: SECTION 269 through SECTION 283



=== SECTION 269 | PDF PAGE 101 ===

*... And so | find myself here, a mercenary seeking 2 job that will pay for a comfortable bed ara warm inn for the night,' you say, concluding your story Asell-sword, you say?' The man never once takes his eyes from you. 'Then you have come to the right place But let's not tatk here. You must be hungry after your travels and The Suckling Pig has a roaring fire that will take the chill from your banes.' You allow the man - who is Konrad, headman of Stigoiva - to lead you to the village's only tavern where at his insistence, a bow] of steaming mutton stew is placed before you. You devour the meal hungrily as you listen to what he has to tell you Regain up to 4 STAMINa points We live in cursed times, my friend, and Strigoiva feels tis curse more strongly than other places, On a nightly basis we suffer the attacks of a veritable army al ghosts,' Ghosts? Korrad has captured your attention. 'What ghosts?' you ask Terrible specires all,' he goes on. 'First there is the Shuck, which preys upon travellers on the western moors and keeps Falher Corran a virtual prisoner within the holy shrine to the goddess of the healing spring. Then there is the Headless Highwayman, who ereys on folk who travel the road north to Bala, just 38 he did in his ungodly lifetime. And last, but most zerrible of all, there is the Howling, which assails us in eurhomes each and every night. We have had enough When you arrived, you found us preparing to meet ane ghostly pack and send tt on its way back to Hell er die trying, Will you help rid us of our spectral zormentors? We would reward you in owr own modest way,' you wantto stay and help the villagers in their battle @ith the Howling - whatever that might be - him to 40. If not, turn bo 434 There is a definite gap between the edge of the mirror and the frame. Tapping the wall around the edge of the frame you finally find what you are looking for You apply just the right amount of pressure at the right spot and the reflecting glass swings back Beyond the mirror lies a small chamber draped with black velvet and lit by a single red lantem. Standing on trestles is a erand black coffin with gleaming gold handles. If you ever had any doubts that Maun Tower is the lair of a Vampire they vanish now. You know that a Vampire's coffin is its last refuge and as long as the undead creature has such a retreat to rehirn to it can never truly be vanquished. You send the colfin crashing to the floor and smash it to smuthereens Make a note of the fact that you have destroyed the coffin on your Adventure Sheet and add 1 to your ALARM score.) Feeling more confident about the out- come of your mission you leave the second floor to explore elsewhere (turn to 7 0 aA a vat aS: i ay 'Bee ik i

=== SECTION 270 | PDF PAGE 102 ===

There being no ime like the present, you scize your moment and leap ak the thing, sword drawn. Seeing what you are planning, the Changeling hisses and leaps inte the rafters above your head. In the same instanl, as if compelled by the will of another, Farmer Bauer and his wife march towards you, arming themselves with a stout log from the woodpile and a rolling-pin, ready to defend their unnatural 'child' The Changeling giggles as the old couple try to batter you with their improvised cudgels. You have no wish to harm the elderly pair and so fight only to disarm them. Farmer Bauer has a SKILL score of 6 and Mistress Bauer a sxILt of 5. Roll far Attack Rounds as normal but reducing your Attack Strength by i point. You need to win two Attack Rounds to disarm each opponent, and have to fight them both at the same time. If the farmer or his wife win an Attack Round you will suffer damage as normal. Keep a track ofhow many Attack Rounds it takes to disarm the pair (you will need to fight a minimum of four). When you have disarmed both Farmer and Mistress Bauer, you are at last able to tackle the Changeling. But while you have been distracted theimp has been steadily transforming itself. It is mow much larger, and more viclous than it was in its infant form. When you come to fight the monstrous imp you must increase its STAMINA scare by the number of Attack Rounds it took you to disarm the old couple. You must also increase it SKILL score by the same number divided by two (rounding fractions up), Now turn to 137 to resolve this battle ie As you battle the Black Wolf you become increasingly

=== SECTION 271 | PDF PAGE 103 ===

aware of the rest of the wolf pack continuing ta clase in around you, and that momentary distraction is all lt takes. You shumble on an exposed root and lose your footing. The huge wolf seizes the opportunity with unnerving animal cunning. Your sword-arm flailing ag you try to maintain your balance, the wolf smashes through your compromised defence and hurla you bodlly to the ground. You fee] its great weight on top of you, the breath knocked out of you. You can smell its foetid, camivore's breath, Near its srarl in your ear And then, with a savage ay of animal satisfaction, the wolf sinks its fangs into the flesh of your shoulder Lose a STAMINA points.) Your agoni#ted cry i suddenly joined by a how! of pain as the wolf releases its grip. Your vision greying, you see a tal), thickset figure standing over the Black Wolf, a sturdy woods man's axe raised above his head. The axe descends again and the wolf pives a strangled yow! and leaps off you. The woodsmian swings his axe again and the wolf flees yelping, the rest of the pack skulking after their leader. Then the great figure is looming over you Defeated by pain and blood loss, your body cannot take any more and youblack out. Turn to 111

=== SECTION 272 | PDF PAGE 103 ===

You bnidge on across Fenmoor, following the narrow paths of firmer ground zigzagging between the marshes that have given these moors their name. The fog that continues to thicken around you adds to your sense of disorientation until you have no idea where you are going. A shrill sound suddenly cuts through -)) @e smothering mist, something like the screaming of demented wolves. All sorts of terrible premonitions -) = asail your overwrought mind and you begin to feel ® thal your fate is inescapable. (Add 1 to your CHANGE ® sore.) And then you see movement ahead. Smoky tendrils dance before your eyes, their twisting course seemingly directed by some geatalt intelligence. As you watch, transfixed, you fancy that you can see monstrous faces appearing through the fog. As you @e wondering whether your own eyes are playing @icks on you, a nightmarish visage coalesces from the apour around you. Ithas burning eyes and a hideous tang-filled slash of a mouth. Beneath the misshapen bead and neck, two muscular arms emerge from the q swirls of mist, ending in savage, rending claws. From the torso down, the creature's body trails away into "sothingness as it merges back into the mist. The grotesque creature darts forward, spiralling around Fou in an effort to confuse, but you do not fail ta spot the appearance of a second creature. You have heard sell of these monsters before but had thought them the stuff of fairy tales. Unfortunately for you these Fog Devils are all loo real. You have no choice but to fight fhe creatures together as they close in for the KiIL, their cries setting your teeth on edge First FOG DEVIL 8 6 Second FOXs DEVIL 7 é B you win, turn to 222

=== SECTION 273 | PDF PAGE 104 ===

At the very top of the spiral staircase you pasa through a door and emerge onto the batt!ements of the tower Dark rags of cloud scud across the moon, which hangs neat full over the jandscape. Staring up at the moon you can feel its lunar energy working its way into every fibre of your being, calling to the wolf within Add 1 to your CHANGE score-) Momentarily ensnared by the moon's gaze you become aware of a highe pitched squeaking sound that you would never have been able to hear at all before your transformation into a wolf began. Looking up, you see the flapping flock of bats descending from the tempestuous sky Before you can reach the door thal leads back down into the tower, the bats are upon you, all slashing wing-claws and needle-sharp fangs. You are going to have to fight these servants of the night creature whe FLOCK OF BAIS SKILL § STAMINA 10 Deduct your 5KILL score from 15; this = the total number of Attack Rounds you will have to fight before you can escape the flock of bats, if you do not defeat therm in fewer rounds. If you do manage to drive the bats off and re turn to the relative safety of the interior of the tower, barn to 7 to explore elsewhere

=== SECTION 274 | PDF PAGE 104 ===

Drawing your sword, you leap at the landlord's daughter, but before you can land a blow againat her the doors of the stable are thrown open by a gale-force in§.N....e..unNn.....v..--"-: 1D DEE i E> --__.--_s

=== SECTION 275 | PDF PAGE 104 ===

wind and you hear the shrill whinny of a horse in the yard behind you. 'He comes,' Meg says, looking past you, 'my fine gentleman, my brave Lord Lucre.' You turn and come face-to-face, as it were, with the

=== SECTION 276 | PDF PAGE 104 ===

Headless Highwayman once again. The spectre enters > the stable on foot, drawn sabre in ane hand and his own severed head under the other. "You would lay a hand on my Meg?' the ghost declares its face contorted inrage. 'Then you will pay with your life!' And with that Lord Lucte attacks HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN sxmL3 sTaminaS If you defeat your ghastly opponent, turn to 115 Another half an hour further down the path and you make camp beneath the outstretched branches of a Eghming-sundered elm tree. You may eat 1 Meal's worth of Provisions if you wish, before settling tp sleep, but a3 soon a3 your close your eyes sleep is not You are woken from a dream (in which you are baying at the moon with the nest of your pack) by some ever- Watchful sixth sense. You hear a leathery Mapping sound coming from the branches of the dead elm and catch the shimmer of shadowy movement. There is the glimmer of moonlight on plistenmg, elongated fangs and the Vampire Bats, which have scented you out by the corrupted blood pulsing in your veins, fly down to feed. You are going to have to fight the bloodthirsty creatures all together ayéazz First VAMPIRE BAT 5 4 Second VAMPIRE BAT 6 5 Lupravian Vampire Bats are even more to be feared - than those of other lands. They are horribly overlarge creatures with savage, fanped faces, giving them an undead appearance. To add to their unpleasant form this particular pair are also riddled with rabies. If they manage to bite you - even just once = you must add 1 point to your CHANGE score. If you dispatch both of - the cruel creatures you spend the rest of the night wide awake, listening out for more of their kind. You are glad when dawn breaks at last and you are able to" goon your way. Tim to 500 When you phunged your sword into the bow! of water anointing the blade with holy water from the village shrine. As a result, thankfully, you are now able to cause the spectral wolf harm (regain 1 Luck point but it is still going to be a battle thet will test your SPECTRAL WOLF SKILL? STAMINAG Hf you destroy the wolf-ghost, turn to 443

=== SECTION 277 | PDF PAGE 105 ===

The effects of the potion you have chosen to drink are not constant, changing from one minute to the next. - Roll ane dice and consult the table below to see what - effect the elixir has on you

=== SECTION 278 | PDF PAGE 105 ===

I-a Restore your current SKILL score to its Initial level 3-4 Restore your current staMINa score to ibs P 5-6 Restore your current LUcE score to its Initial level Will you now drink one of the other potions (tum to 337) or would you prefer to leave the burning bullding turn to aga)? You lift the mace down from its mountings and test its weight in your hand. It is heavy enough to break bone and stone with equal ease, causing conventional opponents 3 STAMINA points of damage. Bul because of its weight, tf you wish to use the mace in batthe rather than a bladed weapon you might have, you thust reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point. As you are getting used to the feel of the mace you hear an ominous grating sound behind you. You turn to eee ome of the suits of armour climb down from its pedestal, the iron plate clattering noisily as it does ao It too pulls a mace down from the wal] and advances on you with slow clanking steps. (Add 1 to your ANIMATED ARMOUR SITLLB «6 STAMINA 6 As with your mace, every time the suit of armour wins Attack Round you will suffer 3 points of STAMINA damage. You may escape after two Attack Rounds by tuming to 7. If you stay the fight and destroy the metal CCCOCO-™-™O ei aka a lit i | Pg hi A H i -: f " ee af j A ae Al TAR NG Ts Pes ate aT "wah vas Ler it fe Ay tee cok - NS ess ay al, ais an cee = : £ af dae pn ; <a = = - ee te Mi F nr a my ral ei en tie ca ty rie i HA / : ee ton Sa al Ae PRUNES ROU UR QA aie a ol TAS SGC SSS SC) pain eer (or | os a. a ia ee Casha ree S -> | a menace, if collapses on the carpeted floor of the corridor, now just so many pieces of battered armour Will you now take down one of the shields from the wall (turn to 209) or will you leave to explore else where (turn to 7)?

=== SECTION 279 | PDF PAGE 106 ===

Pulling an old, moth-eaten blanket over you for extra warmth, you make yourself a make-do bed for the right, using your backpack as a pillow. 'You are fast asleep and snoring soundly when somebody creeps up on you and knocks you over the head with a heavy cosh. Lose 2 STAMINA paints and, if you are still alive

=== SECTION 280 | PDF PAGE 106 ===

The old woman gives a startled cry and spins round Cn seeing you her beady black eyes narrow and an uply grimace contoris her already unattrachve fea- tures. She quickly flicks to another page in her book and, chanting the incantation she finds there, points her wand at the creatures at her fect. Realising the aone's evil intentions you prepare to defend yourself Then the spell takes effect: one of the toads at her feet starls to swell, rapidly increasing in size. Having slarled off as big as a man's fist, it is soon the size of a dog but keeps on growing. The transformation docs not stop until the bloated toad is as large as a pony Pushing itself forward on its huge webbed feet, the witch's familiar moves to aHack, the ip of ils longue darting in and out of its mouth GLANT TOAD SKILL6 STAMINA?

=== SECTION 281 | PDF PAGE 107 ===

If the toad wins an Attack Round, it lashes you with its poisonous sticky fongue; ona roll of 5 or 6 you lose 4 STAMINA pomts instead of the usual 2. If you kil] the toad, you must now deal with the witch. Turn to 65 suddenly surrounded by Carnivale folk, you are seized and your weapon taken from you, You are taken inside the larger, grinning maw tent at the centre of the encampment. You find yourself standing at the centre of a circle of the strange Carnivale players Many of them bear some kind of mutation. You see one man with gills in his neck like a fish, and a woman joined at the hip to her twin. The diminutive Carnivale Master pushes his way through the crowd and pecrs up at you from beneath the shadowing brim of his People are suspicious of us Carnivale folk, with our unfamihar Carnivale ways, but we do not mean any harm. We are just trying to make our way in the world like everybody else, We offer sanctuary to the dis- possessed, the unwanted and the outcast. Most are happy to leave us be, paying for the privilege of glimpsing a world they are fortunate enough not to be part of. But then some people like you,' he says stabbing an accusing finger at your chest, 'never let us be and force us to move on from town to town, village to village, never able to rest for fear of the false accusations that follow us. And what kind of person are you anyway, to think the worst of us?' If you have the codeword Reilik written on your Adventure Sheet turn to 476. Tf not, roll bvo dice and add 2 te the total f the total is equal to or less than your current CHANGE score,turn to 3; if itis greater, Furn to 509

=== SECTION 282 | PDF PAGE 107 ===

The dressed stone walls soon give way to hard packed earth, within which have been cut long, low recesses each large enough to hold a coffin. These must be the catacombs of the Abbey, in which the predecessors of the present-day brethren are interred. The catacomb hannels wind through the ground beneath the Abbey complex, lit by flickering tallow-tapers. Turning a comer you hear a sudden skittering sound, which is then joined by a shrill squeaking. You can see that a number of the coffin-alcoves have been disturbed, the shroud-bound remains being gnawed at by the creatures your arrival has interrupted. At first glance you take them to be rats but as you begin to see more clearly through the gloom, you glimpse patches of bare skin, suppursting sores and oozing bubces exposed ribs, jaundice-yellow eyes and bony, fleshless tails. These are no mere rats, they are contaminated carriers of the lethal Yellow Death, and would much rather feast on warm. fresh meat than old, dry bones Fight the undead rodents as if they were one entity GHOULRATS SKILL6 STAMINA 10 lf the rats bite you more than twice, you become infected with the vile plague they carry. Lose 1 SKILL Point in addition to any sTaMina you may lose, and add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you survive this pestlential encounter, him to 362

=== SECTION 283 | PDF PAGE 108 ===

Why, everyone knows the name of Wulfen_ And, aye ve heard tell of the Mad Prince, not to mention his brother, Count Varcolac, who is head of the family now. Although how much is fiction and how much is truth I wouldn't like to say,' Konrad wams you. 'What I've heard is that this Garoul was locked up in a tower Castle Wulfen and was driven mad by his incar- ceration. Now it ta said that he will eat only raw meat and howls at the full moon, when it appears in the heavens,' Naw turn to 395-
