Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 29 of 30

Range: SECTION 492 through SECTION 508



=== SECTION 492 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

CO e§ECOOoeoreoO EE well. Disconsolate that you have not managed to track dowm the Beasl of Vargenhof but satisfied that you have done good at Bauer Farm, you relrace your steps through the hills, negotiating the wooded slopes as dusk falls and the town comes in sight again. Turn to 144 Do not meet her gaze!" you hear Van Richten shout although his voice comes to you as in a dream. 'Do not look inte her eyes!' you hear him cry, louder this ime. You somehow, manage to break free of her beguiling power, tearing your eyes away from hers There is no doubt in your mind that this is the Countess Isolde, Lady of Maun, vampiress and necro- mancer. Aind you know what must be done. But before you can act, the Countess' servant gives a piercing high-pitched cry and throws himself at the Vampire Hunter, even as Van Richten is taking aim with his pistol. Time seems to slow as the gaunt-faced man's body warps, changing shape dramatically. His arm bones appear to contract even as his finger bones leng- then, membranes of leathery skin unfurling between 4 hi B ae ota ™ ' vi - them. The man's ears become even more pointed as his nose becomes an ugly anout, his fur-covered body bursting free of the torn remnants of his clothes. No longer a man but now a bat of unbelievable propor- tons, with a wingspan approaching 12 feet, the Vampiress' servant swoops on Van Richlen. The Werebat snatches hold of him with clawed feet and with two strong wing-beats, drags him up into the vault of the dome. You catch a glint of steel and hear Werebat screech in pain, a3 ill is sent tumbling towarda one of the velvet-draped windows. With a splintering crash, the Vampire Hunter and the Were- bat smash through the glass and plunge to their deaths trapped in a mutual murderous embrace It suddenly dawns on you that you are alone again and the Vampiress has realised that Fact too. With a banshee scream of her own she throws herself at you claws and fangs revealed, the deceptive glamour of her alluring beauty replaced by her true bat-like undead form. If you have a Silver Cross and want to use it, or a Pair of Silver Candlesticks with which you can improvise, turn to 17. [fnot,turn to 141

=== SECTION 493 | PDF PAGE 183 ===

The Changeling lies dead at your feet. The elderly couple gasp in horror but not al the thought that you have killed their baby. It is as if a veil has been lifted from their eyes, for now they can see the Changeling in its true guise at last. They apologise to you profusely as the imp dissolves into bubbling slime and soaks into the floor. They have nothing to offer you by way of a material reward but they do force you to take an earthenware jug of cider and a cured cheese with you Add 2 Meals to your Provisions and regain 1 LUCK point for freeing the couple from the Curse of the Changeling.) There is nothing more for you to do here Bidding Farmer Bauer and his wife farewell you leave their turn to find that the rainstorm has passed as well. Disconsolate that you have not managed to track dowm the Beasl of Vargenhof but satisfied that you have done good at Bauer Farm, you relrace your steps through the hills, negotiating the wooded slopes as dusk falls and the town comes in sight again. Turn to 144

=== SECTION 494 | PDF PAGE 184 ===

Do not meet her gaze!" you hear Van Richten shout although his voice comes to you as in a dream. 'Do not look inte her eyes!' you hear him cry, louder this ime. You somehow, manage to break free of her beguiling power, tearing your eyes away from hers There is no doubt in your mind that this is the Countess Isolde, Lady of Maun, vampiress and necro- mancer. Aind you know what must be done. But before you can act, the Countess' servant gives a piercing high-pitched cry and throws himself at the Vampire Hunter, even as Van Richten is taking aim with his pistol. Time seems to slow as the gaunt-faced man's body warps, changing shape dramatically. His arm bones appear to contract even as his finger bones leng- then, membranes of leathery skin unfurling between 4 hi B ae ota ™ ' vi - them. The man's ears become even more pointed as his nose becomes an ugly anout, his fur-covered body bursting free of the torn remnants of his clothes. No longer a man but now a bat of unbelievable propor- tons, with a wingspan approaching 12 feet, the Vampiress' servant swoops on Van Richlen. The Werebat snatches hold of him with clawed feet and with two strong wing-beats, drags him up into the vault of the dome. You catch a glint of steel and hear Werebat screech in pain, a3 ill is sent tumbling towarda one of the velvet-draped windows. With a splintering crash, the Vampire Hunter and the Were- bat smash through the glass and plunge to their deaths trapped in a mutual murderous embrace It suddenly dawns on you that you are alone again and the Vampiress has realised that Fact too. With a banshee scream of her own she throws herself at you claws and fangs revealed, the deceptive glamour of her alluring beauty replaced by her true bat-like undead form. If you have a Silver Cross and want to use it, or a Pair of Silver Candlesticks with which you can improvise, turn to 17. [fnot,turn to 141

=== SECTION 495 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

The batthe-ready Strigoivans stop at the edge of the fields beyond the southem perimeter of their village Fires have been litin iron-wrought braziers, the smoke from the fires drifting away over the blighted fields Some 30 yards away you make out the dark shape of a wooden watchtower, positioned in front of a line of straggly trees. They always come this way,' Konrad Slates onumousl;: And then you wai Several bone-numbmg hours later you hear the muffled tolling of a bell, marking midnight. And then you hear the Howling for the first tune: the sound sends a chill of ice-water running through your veins A volce screams from up in the watchtower, 'They're coming! Your eyes straining, you peer into the darkness Twisting between the scraggy trees you can see what appear to be writhing tendrils of mist. As the tendrils come closer, they take on the form of insubstantial -_-_--- EOE wolf-like creatures, with savage dagger-length fangs and elongated tearing claws. And all the while, the dread howling continues. Roll two dice. If the total! is leas than or equal lo your CHANGE score, turn to 1975; if it ls greater, turn ta 298

=== SECTION 496 | PDF PAGE 185 ===

You open the door and step through into a vast banqueting chamber What was obviously once a luxuriously laid table - with finest bone china, pleam- ing gilt cutlery and magnificent plittering crystal centrepieces - is now nothing better than a dog's dinner, Platters of rotting food, white with solidified prease, litter the soiled tablecloth, while the cartasses and bones of many passed meals lie sewn across the fable and over the floor. Hearimp a chomping, slaver- ing sound you lock towards the far end of the hall sitting at the other end of the table are three veiled women wearing fowns that were once no doubt fabulous examples of the dressmaker''s art, but which are now tom and dishevelled. The noise is the sound of their disgusting table manners, as they pick at the remains of chicken carcasses. One of the wornen stops abruptly, even as she is sucking the marrow froma leg bone, and sniffs the air sharply. "We have company sisters,' she snarls. The other fwo women both cease their messy eating then and sniff the air, turning your way, thei faces hidden behind their veils. Moving as stealthily as cats, the three woman glide towards you across the banqueting chamber What's this,' asks another, her tone umperious and mocking, 'another guest for dinner?' Or another course?' says the third, gleefully. 'I do hope so. I'm still hungry.' What have you brought us, fresh meat?' the first asks addressing you directly. 'Are you the next course or do you have something else to delight us with?' At that she pulls aside her veil and you gasp in unex- pected horror as you catch sight of the face beneath. It is a hideous amalgam of homan being and animal somewhere between that of a woman and a she-weoll The wolf-woman licks a long pink tongue across camine fangs and something like a smile splite her horrible visage. How will you react to thia revelation? Will you ready your weapon and prepare to fight turn bo 306) or will you offer the wolf-woman some- thing from among your Possessions (hum to 349)?

=== SECTION 497 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

The batthe-ready Strigoivans stop at the edge of the fields beyond the southem perimeter of their village Fires have been litin iron-wrought braziers, the smoke from the fires drifting away over the blighted fields Some 30 yards away you make out the dark shape of a wooden watchtower, positioned in front of a line of straggly trees. They always come this way,' Konrad Slates onumousl;: And then you wai Several bone-numbmg hours later you hear the muffled tolling of a bell, marking midnight. And then you hear the Howling for the first tune: the sound sends a chill of ice-water running through your veins A volce screams from up in the watchtower, 'They're coming! Your eyes straining, you peer into the darkness Twisting between the scraggy trees you can see what appear to be writhing tendrils of mist. As the tendrils come closer, they take on the form of insubstantial -_-_--- EOE wolf-like creatures, with savage dagger-length fangs and elongated tearing claws. And all the while, the dread howling continues. Roll two dice. If the total! is leas than or equal lo your CHANGE score, turn to 1975; if it ls greater, turn ta 298

=== SECTION 498 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

Don't go!' the spider-woman shrieks as you turn tail and run. 'Stay with me and my husbands,' she cries a5 ashe scuttles after you over the desiccated husks of men and dwarfs that litter the floor of her chamber You can hear the monster clasing on you as you reach a hinnel, the roof of which is thick with the spear-like points of heavy stone stalactites. Your footfalls ringing from the bedrock, you launch yourself down the tunnel. Seconds later the Spider-Cueen squeezes her great bulk into the passageway after you. She is not going to let you get away that easily. Test your Luck If you are Lucky, turn to 396. If you are Unlucky, the monater catches up with you, turn to 252

=== SECTION 499 | PDF PAGE 186 ===

Your clothes dripping, with the foul-smelling stagnant water of the pool, you haul yourself out onto the bank Before going on your way you stop to check over your equipment and the contents of your backpack, Your aword and leather armour, apart from being wet, are fine, as are most of the things stowed inside your oil- akin backpack. However, a certain number of your Provisions have been spoiled by contact with the water. (Roll one dice and remove up te this number of Meals from your Provisions.) Your jantern is still intact too, but the dry powder and kindling you keep inside your Ginderbox has got wet and will take a while to dry out. The next time you are told you may only do something if you light your lantem, you may not choose that option. The subsequent time you are given such an yption the tinder will be dry and you may make that selection from then on. Now turn to 46

=== SECTION 500 | PDF PAGE 187 ===

As soon as you arrive at the smal) market town of Varpenhof you sense that something is wrong. A pall of fear and uncerlainty hangs over the place hke a smothering shroud. A group of men with spike- collared hunting dogs are gathered in front ol Vargenho!'s mecting hall. A portly man - the town's burgomaster - is addressing the party. Over the general hubbub of the town square, whee traders ply their trade, your heightened hearing catches odd snatches of the burgomaster's rousing speech, phrases such as 'plaguing our lands', "Werebeasl' and 'some- thing must be dene' If you want to avail yourself of the services Vargenhol has to offer, turn te 82. If not, you can either join the party of hunters gathered before the meeting hall turn to 201) or quil the town without dallying here al all (turn to §e7

=== SECTION 501 | PDF PAGE 187 ===

Shaffing the discharged pistol into the leather belt lopped around his torso, the Headless Highwayman unsheathes a basket-hilted sabre, ready to face you in hand-to-hand combat. Ready with your own blade you prepare to defend yourself HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN skILL® = sTamMINAs While you are Aghting, the Highwayman maintains a grip on lhe head in his other hand, which shouts encouraging comments to its body as it fights, which you find most off-putting! You must also reduce your Altack Strength by 1 point because your opponent is still in the saddle and so has an advantage over you. If you defeat the phantom felon, turn to 411

=== SECTION 502 | PDF PAGE 187 ===

Defying death, and gravity, the horses make the jump dragging the slagecoach over the brink of the broken bridge behind them. As the coach crashes down onte the mad on the other side of the chasm, Kabya is thrown from her seat at the front of the carriage onto the back of one of the horses. At the same time the road veers to the right again and emerges from the dense-packed pines to follow an equally precarious course along the edge of another precipitous gorge to the left. The carriage slides sideways, sending a cas- cade of pebbles from the road into the void. If you don't seize contro] of the careering carriage - and soon! - your pursuit of the Werebeast could still end in all your deaths. Vaulting into the driver's seat you gtab held of the slackened reins, Tesi yotrr Skill. Lb you succeed, tarn to 112; however, if you fail,turn to 444

=== SECTION 503 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

At the height of your battle with the Werewolf, the full moon comes into view beyond the tall window at the end of the chamber, bathing the Count's chambers in its mystical luminescence. Moonlight washes over you and it feels as if the cold, white beams are soaking into every pore. You were so close to completing your quest, Lf only you can keep the beast contained a little longer maybe you shill can. Rol! three dice. If you are wearing a Moonstone Amulet, subtract 3 from the dice roll. Lf the new total is less than or equal te your CHANGE score, turn to 25- [fit is greater, hin to 285

=== SECTION 504 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

Trapper Som dies on the end of your sword with a curse on his lips (lose 2 LUCK points). And ihen the figure standing next to him is transforming into a terrifying monster. The thing that was once the Burgomaster slashes at you with lengthening claws dealing you a savage wound. Lose 3 STAMINA poinks and turn to 62

=== SECTION 505 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

The Death's Heads make a sinister hollow knocking sound that intensifies as you draw nearer. Tes! your Luck. lf you are Lucky, turn to 136. If you are Unlucky turn bo o5

=== SECTION 506 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

Slowly the man lowers his pistol, 'So, what brings a lone traveller like you out on a night such as this in these accursed lands?' he asks. Will you tell the stranger the truth, that you are seeking a cure for the curse of a werewolf's bite (turn to 312), or will you tell him that you are on a personal quest to rid the land of Lupravia of the many evils that mar its reputalion amon, the principalities of Mauristatia (turn te 333)?

=== SECTION 507 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

You journey for a nigh| and a day, taking the road north through the pinewoods, crossing a bridge spanning a dark chasm, and onwards along the edge of the precipitous Garou Gorge, follawing signs to Wulfenstein. Make a note cf the number 149 on your Adventure Skeet and then turn to 20

=== SECTION 508 | PDF PAGE 188 ===

As the day wears on and the shadows lengthen you pass the boundary that marks the point where scrubby healhland becomes forest. The paths are thick with fallen leaves, the skeletal forms of the trees sinister as their shifting shadows reach for you with black clawing fingers. You have not travelled far into the forest when you come upon a high stone wall that cubs across between the trees, marking the perimeter of what musi be the demesne of a hunting lodge or some secluded manor house. little A further on you come to a pair of large, rusted iron gates that are firmly locked The track that leads up to these gates is even less reguiarly used and more overgrown than the path you are following. A weather-faded sign on one of the gates reads, 'Beware of the Dog'. Through the rust- flaking bars you can see the rundown mansion Lhat the wall and the gates enclose. You cannot tell how occupied ar otherwise the estate may be - it could be entirely empty for all you know - but you are aware that the day is drawing on and that you may well have to spend another night under the stars. There is no obvious way to altract the attention of anyone inside the mansion, so do you want to scramble over the wall to investigate further (turn to 487) or will you go on your way without tespassing (turn to 46}?
