Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 27 of 29

Range: SECTION 476 through SECTION 489



=== SECTION 476 | PDF PAGE 176 ===

Your head thumping as if your skull is fit to burst you regain groggy consciousness to find yourself manacled to a bank of arcane, mechanical equipment within what can only be described as a mad scientist's laboratory, which you judge to be located at the top of the windmill. Bundles of copper cabling descend from the criss-crossed rafters above you, connecting all the pieces of eguipment in the lab to a tilted metal table on which rests one of the most bizarre and monstrous things you have ever seen. It is at least half the height apain of a man and almost as broad across, made from slabs of dead prey flesh as well as gleaming mechanical components. Around its ugly head is a band of metal secured in place with a number of unsubUe bolts Standing next to a bank of steel levers is a tall man wearing a long, once-white lab coat, his eyes hidden behind thick-lensed goggles. And cowering belund him is the hunchbacked Igor. 'Welcome,' the tall man says, his excited tone of voice suggesting 10 you thal he is mentally unhinged. "You are here just in time lo witness the creation of a new form of life!' Thunder rolls ominously across the sky and lightning hits the top of the tower, as if it had been waiting for the most dramatic moment te strike. Test your Luck. IF you are Lucky, turn to 303. If you are Unlucky,turn to 495

=== SECTION 477 | PDF PAGE 176 ===

You know that you cannot sk tarrying here any longer. Running to the other end of the corridor, you fling open the doors there and burst into the room beyond. You find yourself in a grand, high-ceilinged chamber, omately decorated with heavy velvet drapes of black and red, its ceiling painted with a zodiacal map of the heavens. The windows of the chamber are covered by the heavy hanging drapes. At your abrupt arrival, a striking, platinum-haired woman, dressed in crimson and black, her skin as white as ivory, rises from a high-backed wooden chair. At her side stands 4 gaunt-faced man, dressed in the apparel of a servant and with a feral look about him. Fora fleeting moment the noblewoman looks startled but this expression is soon replaced by a look of arrogant superiority, and a sinister smile forms on her rose-red lips. 'Ah, look Gustav, we have company,' she says, addressing her servant. She rises and moves gracefully across the room towards you, her movements 50 fluid that you could almost believe she were gliding across the floor a few inches above it, her feet never actually touching the polished marble tiles. You are captivated by her beauty and find yourself transfixed by her piercing cold-eyed stare. If you have the codeword Nethcir recorded on your Adventure Sheet,turn to 494 immedi- ately, If not, roll two dice, subtracting 2 fram the total if you have the codeword Dehctaw written down on your Adventure Sheet. If the final total is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, turn to 10; if it is greater ANGE all ie a I. ey 1 ay 4 NE (a s > NUE WY). ie0s: \ Ne Je Aes LAS oe | 44 Biri Vz r ») a 7 9) is Wil Wi | (aa | i ¥ ip Hy; eee ee es poe ea oe ae eee Bsr i |} ee 2 ( -- ae § sare 27 (1 I SNE .t™' @ @ i_i_i"m"-_ -=-S-S<("CSséai'i'i'i'i'i'i'i'"a"i"i"i-i<"i<-i<"i<"i"i<-i-i

=== SECTION 478 | PDF PAGE 177 ===

Taking the well-trodden road east out of Strigoiva you continue under a leaden sky, wary of any potential dangers on the mad in this mysterious and sinister land. As the sun sinks Eowards the horizon behind the steadily darkening cloud cover, you start to think about finding somewhere to sleep for the night. To the north, some miles from the road, you can see the for- bidding silhouetted tree line of an expanse of forest but just off the road to the south, beyond untended fields running riot with porse and thistle, siands the remains of a gamekeeper's cottage. Ali thal is left now is the tumbledown muin of the chimney and fireplace and one sheltering wall. You decide that this would make an ideal place to camp for the night. On reaching the ruined cottage you set a fire in the smoke- blackened hearth to keep the chill of the night al bay Having eaten (cross off 1 Meal of Provisions) you sciile down to sleep, pulling your travelling cloak You are just drifting off to sleep, the night breeze sighing through the leafless boughs of a copse, when you hear the sharp Crack! of a dry Ewig snapping underfoot. You are on your {cet in a moment, A shadow detaches itself from the enveloping darkness and takes a step closer towards you. By the duli red glow of the dying embers of your fire you study Lhe imposing figure standing at the threshold to Lhe cottage. It is a man dressed from head bo foot in black His coat is long, the leather durable, he wears heavy leather gloves and sturdy ieather boots, and on his head is a tall, wide-brimmed hat, on which shines a silver buckle that holds a scarlet ribbon in place. Only the steely orbs of his eyes are visible beneath the brim of the hat, the rest of his face being covered by a red scar!. Ember-giow reflects from the polished barrel of a flintlock pistol that the man has aimed at you, From a sword-belt at his waist hangs a pleaming rapier blade. 'Do not move!' he commands, his voice as cold as steel. 'Are you friend or foe?' How will you react to this challenge? Will you unsheathe your own sword (turn to 465) or will you hold your hands up above your head in a gesture of non-agpression (tun to 427)?

=== SECTION 479 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

Wiule using the Silver Dagger in your battle with the Arch-Lycanthrope you must reduce your Altack Strength by 1 point, as usual, bul wounds delivered with it will cause the Werewolf 3 STAMINA points of damage. Also, if you are using a Silver Dagger that you found hidden somewhere within Castle Wulfen you may reduce Varcolac's SKILL score by 1 point for the duration of the battle. Now him to 150

=== SECTION 480 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

And then a brief window of opportunily presents itself and you seize it with both hands. Plunging your blade downwards, you slice through the lethers securing the horses to their traces. Leaping onto lhe back of the horse next to Katya's, with a "Yaah!' you set the untethered steeds galloping free of the carriage Glancing back over your shoulder, as the horses pull away, you watch with deep satisfaction as the stape- coach veers off the edge of the road, the Werebecast raging in vain atop it. Down, down, down it plunges into [he paping void of Garou Gorge. You have put an end to the Beast of Vargenho at last: regain 2 Luck Points. Unfortunately, you feel no different within yourself. The Werebeast could not have been the Arch- Lycanthrope you seek. Free of the threat of the mon- ster al last, you and Katya ride on, further into the Mountains lowards Wulfenstcin, in hope of finding your frue quarry at last. Make a note of the number goon your Adventure Sheet and then turn to zo

=== SECTION 481 | PDF PAGE 178 ===

You manage to prise the box open and find that ii is lined with red velvet. Lying within a shaped hollow is Flintlock Pisiol. Ii is an exquisite piece but it is unloaded, and you cannot find any bullets for it in its case, {Tf you want to find out more about how to use Flintlock Pistol, make a note of the paragraph you are on at the (ime and turn to paragraph goo You are about lo leave the room when you notice something marked out in red chalk underneath the bed. Moving the bed aside you see an esoteric star and circle symbol! drawn on the floorboards, with other smaller runic marks at the apex of each star-point, You are not sure whether it is a warding sign, to guard agains! the evil eye, or a wifch-mark intended to altract evil. Feeling increasingly uneasy you leave the

=== SECTION 482 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

As you reach inlo the pit several Leechworms latch onto your exposed skin, cutting your flesh open with tings of razor-sharp teeth, before engorping Lhem- selves on your blood. Roll one dice and lose that many STAMINA points. If you survive the attentions of the hungry Leechworms, when they have eaten their Gli they release their grip and drop back into the pat. It is only then that you realise the hilt you risked your health to recover is attached to a worthless, nisted blade. Casting the corroded dagger back into the pil you stonm back down the corridor nursing your wounds. Turn to 181

=== SECTION 483 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

Turning from the derelict farm, you set off for the town again through the rain. You have not gone far when you hear a slashing and a splashing behind you Tuming, you see three large creatures palloping down the mud-slick track towards you. At first, fom their Proportions and their vicious, sabre-like husks, you would have taken them for wild boar. But their warty liar > 4 hides, although covered with bristly hair, are not as thickly furred as boars'. These are some kind of mon- strous mutation. Jt is just as you had thought, there is some rotten magic at work ai the farm. The monstrous pigs have caught up with you so you have to defend yourself against their slicing tusks, and belligerent First SAVAGE SWINE 6 5 Second SAVAGE SWINE 5 4 Third SAVAGE SWINE 5 5 Fight the animals two at a time on the farm track. If you defeat the three, bloodthirsty animals, do you want to re turn to the farm to investigate further (ham to 420) or will you stick to your original plan and re turn to Vargenhof (tum 10 2.44)?

=== SECTION 484 | PDF PAGE 179 ===

You spend the rest of the night at the shrine and in the morming, with the sun struggling into a cloud-hazed grey sky, you bid Corran farewell. As you leave the security of the shrine, its guardian watches your progress long after you have left, the orange glow of the warming room emanating from the open portal By dawn's wan light, as you descend from the rolling moors to the valley-lying settlements to the east, you catch sight of a flock of blackbirds circling in the sky over a spot some half a mile away to the north. Such behaviour suggests that there is something there, out in the cold of this wild place. Do you want to take a i eeeeeeeeeeeeeepEHRNRN'. VN

=== SECTION 485 | PDF PAGE 180 ===

diversion north, to see what might be found there rum to 243), or will you continue east, back to the road {furn to 69)? Even as you are studying at the Count's portrait, it feels as if Varcolac is looking through you to the animal within, and you feel the wolf trying to break free again. The creature how!s, using your throat and vocal cords, straining to be free. To your tortured psyche it seems as though you can hear the trophy heads braying and hooting in response to the presence of the Were inside you. Add 1 to your CHANGE score Desperate to escape your fate and bring on the final confrontation that you knew must be coming, you race on along the corridor, past ihe smiling lords of Lupravia and the howling heads. Turn to 158 SS (ine Ors AVA a

=== SECTION 486 | PDF PAGE 180 ===

qhé As the last wolf falls you look up to see Ulrich running towards the now open door of the cottage, the sturdy iron-bound oak gouged by what are, unmistakeably claw marks. Something has got in. You follow the woodsman as he runs inside. In the single room beyond you find a wild-haired man standing over the crumpled body of a white-haired old woman. 'Grand- mother!" Ulrich cries and on hearing his voice, the stranger turns to look at you. He has a horrid leering grin on his face and the manic look in his staring eyes tells you that he is quite mad. But there is one other thing you cannot help noticing that sends a chill of horror shivering down your spine: he is missing his left hand. Ulrich simply stands there dumbfounded and in that moment's hesitation, the lunatic leaps past him, trying to make for the door, where you bar his way to freedom. Snarling like an animal he tries to claw you with the talon-like fingernails of his remaining right hand, seemingly unconcerned as to the harm your sword could cause his unprotected LUNATIC SKILL? STAMINA After three Attack Roundg, or if you reduce the mad- man's STAMINA to 6 or less, whichever comes first turn al once to 309

=== SECTION 487 | PDF PAGE 181 ===

Dropping down from the broken-mortared top of the wall you land in a pile of russet leaves and, shooting darting glances al) around, you creep towards the house. You freeze once on hearing a cry, but it is only the croaking cry of a woodcock and nothing to be afraid of. You are only ten yards from the door when you hear the furious scraping of paws clawing the Eround to get at you, the rattling of a long chain and then a snarling bark that sounds like it must belong to some monstrous dog. Running around the side of the house is a creature that at first you lake to be a welf. A moment's consideration later and you see that, despite Tushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actually has the physical proportions of a man. It is not unlike Werewolf you fell foul of and yet looks like it has been trapped mid-transformation - and night has still WOLF-WERE SKILL§ 9 STAMINAS If the Wolf-Were wounds you more than twice, add 1 point to your CHANGE score, You may escape after three Attack Rounds, if you wish, running back to the entrance to the estate and climbing back over the wall as the Woli-Were will be held at bay by its chain (turn 4 5 to 46), However, if you choose to fight and reduce the Wolf-Were's STAMINA to 4 points or less,turn to 472

=== SECTION 488 | PDF PAGE 181 ===

The Grendel grabs you with both of its huge hands and lifts you bodily off the ground. With a grunt of delight the ogre hurls you against the bars of the Cage and you fall to the ground, cradling bniised ribs {lose 4 STAMINA points). If you are shill alive, you stagger from the Cage to reclaim your possessions before disappearing into the crowds to hide your embarrass- ment {furn to 167 The people of these parts have been protecting their flocks, herds and homes from the predations of wild animals for far longer than they have had to worry about a Werebeast, so the forest paths are riddled with wolf traps - which are just as effective against unwary humans. Walking along a seemingly little-uwsed track alone you succumb to one such trap, as what you had taken to be fallen branches strewing the path give way under your weight, dropping you into a deep pit tined with sharpened stakes. You cannot stop yourself from falling in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakes Roll one dice, add one and lose this many STAMINA points. (If you have The Quickenitig special ability you may divide this damage by 2, rounding fractions up- Ifyou are still alive, you eventually struggle out of the pit-trap and do what you can to bind your wounds before rejoining the rest of the party as they are preparing to reharn to Vargenhof. Turn to 157 Dropping down from the broken-mortared top of the wall you land in a pile of russet leaves and, shooting darting glances al] around, you creep towards the house. You freeze once on hearing a cry, but it is only the crnaking cry of a woodeock and nothing to be afraid of. You are only ten yards from the door when you hear the furious scraping of paws clawing the ground to get at you, the rattling of a long chain and then a snarling bark that sounds like it must belong to some monstrous dog, Running around the side of the house is a creature that at first you take ta be a wolf, A moment's consideration later and yousee that, despite rushing towards you on all fours, the wolf actually has the physica! proportions of a man. It is nol unlike Werewolf you fell foul of and yet looks like it has been trapped mid-transformation - and night has still WOLF-WERE sanL8 sTamMina § If the Wolf-Were wounds you more than twice, add 1 point to your CHANGE score. You may escape after ihree Attack Rounds, lé you wish, running back lo the entrance to the estate and climbing back over the wall as the Wolf-Were will be held at bay by its chain (turn *"_ Vs Io 46). However, if you choose ic fight and reduce the Wolf-Were's STAMINA {0 4 points or less, turn to 472

=== SECTION 489 | PDF PAGE 182 ===

The Grendel grabs you with both of its huge hands and lifts you bodily off the ground. With a grunt of delight the ogre hurls you against the bars of the Cage and you fall to the ground, cradling bruised ribs (lose 4 STAMINA points). If you are slill alive, you stagger from the Cage to reclaim your possessions before disappearing into the crowds lo hide your embarrass- ment (tum to 167 The people of these parts have been protecting their flocks, herds and homes from the predations of wild animals for far longer than they have had to worry about 4 Werebeast, so the forest paths are riddled with wolf traps - which are just as effective against unwary humans. Walking along a seemingly little-used track alone you succumb lo ane such trap, as what you had taken te be fallen branches strewing the palh give way under your weight, dropping you into a deep pit lined with sharpened stakes. You cannot slop yourself from falling in and being speared by the cruel pit-stakes Roll one dice, add one and lose this many stamina points. (Lf you have The Quickerting special ability you may divide this damage by 2, rounding fractions up- If you are still alive, you eventually struggle out of the pittrap and do whal you can to bind your wounds before rejoining the rest of the party as they are preparing to re turn lo Vargenhof. Turn to 251
