Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 23 of 29

Range: SECTION 403 through SECTION 417



=== SECTION 403 | PDF PAGE 150 ===

There is nothing else among the Snakewoman''s possessions that is of interest to you so you leave the © tent. Will you also leave the Camivaie at this juncture turn to 29), or will you explore further (tum to 281)? With humbling honesty you relate your own wretched story ta Vereticus who listens with growing intensite When you have finished, it i¢ the scholar's turn speak, and his response surprises you. 'I can help you I want to help you, even though J cannot help my own. son,' he says earnestly, scratching the Wolf-Were behind the ears as he might a pet hunting dog, You " look at the Wolf-Were again with new eyes. Can this transformed creature really be the man's son? 'Come with me and ] will explain everything,' Vereticus says as if reading your mind, and leads you inside his house. 'Thave made the study of lycanthropy my Life's work,' Vereticus explains as he ushers you into his extensive private library, 'along with thatof the myths and legends of Lupravia, in an attempt bo find a cure for this terrible affliction,' The mahogany-panelled mom is filled with books. 'I have learned much, but equally, I have begun to realise how much more there is yet to discover about this malign condition, Fer one thing, the most common strain of the disease in existence, in Lupravia, cannot be cured by the usual Means: eating sprigs of poisonous belladonna and suchlike. But then [suspect you have found that much oul for yourself already.' You nod, confirming the scholar's assumption. The two of you then get to talking about your own experiences of the disease and he lells you the sorry tale of how his son came to be He was thirteen years old. [had sent him out into the forest to collect toadstools and other fungi for me to catalogue, but he went much deeper into the heartwoods than I had anticipated and was still out after dark He was on his way home when he was attacked. I had set out to look for him, when he did not re turn at sunset, and heard his cries, along with the savage snarls of a wolf. I drove the crealure off with compound of silver nitrate and carried the boy home. I cleaned and dressed his wounds with all lhe care a father could give his child but, although he appeared to recover from the attack, at the next full moon the truth was revealed to me when he trans- formed into the creature you see here for yourself. He is neither one thing nor the other, tapped in this Wolf- Were form. [ have been searching for a cure ever since." How long ago was that?' you ask SSeS: QGQrnwrnrrrr i --

=== SECTION 404 | PDF PAGE 151 ===

"len years,' the scholar replies, a sorrowful faraway look in his eyes. "But this is nat helping you. There is an elixic I can prepare for you, but it will take a little while, While you are waiting, why don't you avail yourself of the information contained within my library? Knowledge is power after all.' Vereticus bustles out of the room to prepare his elo leaving you to your own devices. The wealth of know- ledge stored in this room is phenomenal and would rival that of some temples of Hamaskis. Perusing the spines of the books on the shelves several attract your attention in particular. If you have written down the codeword Avokez, bum to 364. If you have writen down the codeword Dloterof, tarn to 471. [f you have both of the codewords recorded, han to 457. If you neither, which of the following tomes would yau like to spend time reading? Lycanthrapy: The Curse of tre Werewolf? Turn to 313 Grynint's Folk-lore of Lupravin? Tim to 301 Is that right?' the priest says, his tone almost chal- lenging. 'But what kind of warrior would willingly brave the perils of Femmoor and then prevail?' He Teaches out a hand towards you and closes his eyes, as if trying to sense the aura of power around you. The priest's eyebrows knit in consternation. 'I sense some- thing of the darkness about you,' he says. 'Is it from consorting with the evil ones you fight against, or is it something else?" Roll bwo dice. If the total rolled is Less

=== SECTION 405 | PDF PAGE 151 ===

than your CHANGE score, turn lo 386. If the Lotal is equal to or greater than your CHANGE score, turn to 425 You fnd yourself in a web-draped passageway. You cannot hope to proceed without breaking many of their sticky strands. The huge webs are home to a multitude of blood-red spiders, each no bigger than a ' man's fist. The arachnids immediately home in on you, drawn to the heat of your body in the cold cave AS you fight your way through the hangings webs the spiders swarm all over you, seeking out bare flesh into which they can sink their bloodsucking fangs The vampiric spiders are too small to fight with your weapon. All you can do is hurry through the web- strung passageway, desperately trying to brush them from you and crush their blood-bloated bodies beneath you heels. Roll one dice and add 1: this is the total number of sTamMina points you have to lose. (If five or more spiders bite you, add 1 point to your CHANGE score as well.) If you survive this vampiric encounier, you find yourself at another junction in the claustrophobic spider tunnels. Will you now fallow The stalagmite filled tunnel? Turn to 442 The tunnel covered with green algae? Turn to 142 A tunnel with its walls running with water? Turn to 14 Asubterranean tunnel teading under one wall? Turn to 433 Shay, ire = re | = & eg: Fw | i ena \it "i tes es, au sue ae i = pili ery Ati Hi . fi bz ah Mower ia i 7 e : | eee wet | Se

=== SECTION 406 | PDF PAGE 152 ===

turn, leads into a chamel house. Homan skulls fill row The passageway leads to an open archway which, in upon row of niches in the walls, while skeletal angels of death gaze down from chiselled roof bosses. Several raised stone slabs in the centre ofthechamberbearthe + decomposing bodies of black-robed monks, But there is one of the living among the dead. With a cockroach hiss, amonk rises, turning from the corpse over which it was hunched - and that you can see now see that it was eating! The monk's heavy cow! falls back to reveal a head misshapen by savage, beetle-like mandibles and grotesquely bulging compound [ly's eyes. Appalled by the horrific appearance of the abomination you stare aghast as two extra pairs of black, chitin- armoured Jegs unfold trom beneath the mutated monk's habit. Jaws and limbs clicking repulsively, the hybrid scampers towards you, closing in for the kill COCKROACH MONK SKILL8 STAMINA8 If you manage to slay this grotesque abomination, you flee the morbid chamel house. Your mind awhirl with questions that you wonder if you would dare to know the answers to, you go back the way you came along the passage. Tun to 44

=== SECTION 407 | PDF PAGE 152 ===

You plunge the blade of your weapon into the icy water but are unaware of any effect it might have had Will you now splash some of the water on your face turn to 437) or will you just follow Konrad and the other villagers (hirn lo 497)?

=== SECTION 408 | PDF PAGE 153 ===

A short corridor leads off from the staircase on this level, ending at a narzow wooden door which bears the image of a chalice. Opening the door you find yourself insicle a large, torch-lit chapel. A pillared nave leads up to a cloth-craped altar on which stands a golden chalice set with glittering precious stones The flickering flames of rush-lights reflect from a number ofexquisitely painted stained-glass windows The most magnificent of these is set in an alcoved recess above the altar and shows a knight in full armour kneeling in penance before a white-robed priest. The kmight holds his sword out before him like a cross. The chapel appears to be a place of peace and you can see no obvious dangers. You approach the altar and take a look at the contents of the chalice; it appears to contain nothing more than water. If you want to drink from the chalice,turn to 424, If not you must leave the chapel and ascend, or descend, the staircase to another part of the tower (turn to 7

=== SECTION 409 | PDF PAGE 153 ===

And then, with a hollering cry, the crazed man barges past you and out into the night. Before you can follow Ulrich is suddenly there beside you, slamming the door to the cottage shut again and bolting it securely from the inside. You both immediately fur your attention to the old woman lying motionless on the floor. Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 289 If you are Unlucky, barn to 32

=== SECTION 410 | PDF PAGE 153 ===

You narrowly avoid falling into one of the many wolf- traps that riddle these woods but as you start to make your way back to join the main party again, you come face-to-face with one of the hunters' dogs. The woll- hound is as big as the wolves it has been bred to hunt and its canine senses tells it that there is something of the wolf about you. Snarling, it bares its teeth and leaps at you, ready to tear oul your throat. If you have Cell of the Wild special ability you are able to terrify the dog so much thatit runs yelping back to its master its tail between its legs (tum to 151). If not, you are going to have to fight it WOLFHOUND SKILL? sSTAMINAG Ifyou kill the dog, you are able to re turn to the safety of the rest of the hunting party as they are preparing toretum to Vargenhof before moonrise (hum to 154 You plunge your sword into Lhe rogue's chest, right up to the hilt. The Highwayman's head lets outa shrill death-cry, its eyes rolling up into its head. Pulling your sword free, you stagger back from the rider as the horse snorts and stamps the ground with its glowing hooves. But the horseman's wailing cry does not stop but turns into a grotesque, purgling cackle once more. His dead eyes fix on you again and you feel the blood in your veins turn to ice-water. 'Oh dear what a shame,' he says with mock regret, 'it would appear that ] am already dead, and you cannot kill that which is not alive!' (Lose 1 Luck point.) 'I would

=== SECTION 411 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

suggest you run. I'll give you a head start,' the Highwayman laughs. Without a moment's hesitation you sprint for the safety of the inn. You hear the phantom horse's hooves on the road behind you again but then you are at the door to the stone-built coaching inn and suddenly both rider and steed are gone, like mist on the night-breeze. The echo of maniacal laughter lingers for a moment and then that too is

=== SECTION 412 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

Maun is not a large place and it does not take you long to find whal you are looking for. Down a narrow side street off the village square is a stone building bearing a brass plaque, on which has been etched 'Doktor Kafka - Surgeon'. Having knocked at the door, you have to wait so long that you are about to turn away when it suddenly opens a crack. You find yourself looking down at the bespectacled and heavily lined face of a stooped old man. His pate is bald, what little hair he has left white, wispy and wild. 'What do you want?' he asks in a proff, curmudgeonly tone. 'If you've cut yourself with that sword of yours, I"m not interested.' Being careful to keep your vorce down you mutter that you have come to meet with Van Richten. At mention of the Vampire Hunter's name the surgeon's eyes narrow suspiciously. 'Is that nght?' he challenges. 'But how do I know if you are truly a friend or simply an agent of Old Nighi? Lf you really have arranged to meet with such a man, at this place and this hour, tell me, which Order was he a member of?' If you think you know the answer to Doktor S=_=ananananahewwnwwnanaannnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnn Kafka's question, convert the words you are loolang for into a number using the code A=1, B=2, C=3 Z=26, totalling the individual numbers of the letters and then turn to the paragraph which is the same as that total, Ifthe paragraph you turn to makes no sense or if you have no idea what the answer is, nothing you can say will persuade the old man of your good intentions and so you have no choice other than to pass on through Maun without meeting the Vampire Hunter again (tum to 450

=== SECTION 413 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

Walking through the village, seeing the zombie-slack sad expressions of its populace, your honourable adventurer's nature wishes there was something you could do to help. But what is the problem? You can see a biackamith working at his forge and a priest doing his rounds. Do you want to talk to the black- smith (turn to 296), the priest {turn to 177), or would you rather press on and leave Maun (tum to 350)?

=== SECTION 414 | PDF PAGE 154 ===

Taking a deep breath you submerge again and swim back down to the treasure-strewn depths. Beneath you, ensnared by the pernicious waler-weed, are the skeletal remains of the Water-Wyrd's previous victims. Chuming up the silty bed of the pool you recover what you can. Roll one dice and add 6, This is the total number of Gold Pieces you manage to collect Your lungs aching, you realise that it is Sme to return tothe surface. Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 499. Lf you are Unlucky,turn to 491

=== SECTION 415 | PDF PAGE 155 ===

Clambering over the spurs of broken stalagmites, you emerge from the cave tunnel into a wider cavern, the sight of which takes your breath away. Stalactitea and stalagmites formed over thousands of years fill the cave like a forest. In places they even join to form natural columns of glistening stone. The mineral deposits in the rock formahions have coloured Nature's sculptures a myriad of colours, from coppery green and acid yellow, through bronzy oranges and burnt umbers, to verrnillion, crimson and black. There are even shades of cyan and purple, and to think that until] now, such beauty has been hidden in total darkness. As you gaze in wonder at the forest of stone at the penphery of your vision you glimpse move- ment. There above you, perched between natural limestone buttresses and spires, is a gigantic spider with a bulbous black body and long, spindly legs Held by the talons at the end of its legs is a nely spun web. 'You realise what the spider intends to do when with a flick of its feet, the arachnid releases its silk net Test your Skit, LF you succeed, you evade the Tangleweb Spider's trap and draw your sword, ready to defend yourself. If you fail, you become ensnared by the resilient web-net. In the battle to come jt will take you Attack Rounds to cut yourself free from the spider's cast web, during which Gme you will not be able to injure the Tangleweb, although the spider will be able to injure you TANGLEWES SPIDER SKILLG STAMINA? If you manage to kill the web-spinner you continue YOUr way across the cavern of wonder and choose a way oul. Will you take The narrow twisting tunnel? Turn to 14 The heavily cobwebbed passageway? Turn to 9 The wide cleft in the rock with an obvious seam of blue crysial? Turn to 70

=== SECTION 416 | PDF PAGE 155 ===

Something in the tone of the man's voice speaks to the primal creature that is awakening within you. Unable to stop yoursell, and before Ulrich or the old waman realise what you are doing, as if ina trance you walk over to the threshold, draw back the bolts, and fling open lhe door. Standing in the doorway is a wild- looking man dressed in only a shirt and torn britches His black, tousled hair hangs down around his shoulders like a mane. Behind him you see the wolves arcling in the moonlight. The man fixes you with a piercing red-eyed stare and a hungry smile spreads across his bloodstained lips, revealing protruding canine teeth, Then you catch sight of the stump where the man's left hand should be. The shock of realisation shaps you out of your trance-like state and you just Manage to draw your sword belore the lunatic leaps ai you, Irying to claw you with the dirt-encrusted talon-like fingernails of his remaining right hand LUNATIC SKILLF STAMINA As you fight the crazed lunatic on the threshold to the cottage, neither Ulrich nor the old woman can do anything to help, so you have to face the madman alone. After three Attack Rounds, or if you reduce the madman's STAMINA to 6 or less, whichever comes first, burn at once to 45"

=== SECTION 417 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Just for a second - just the briefest moment - the wolf inside gets the beter of you. You only regain control of your body again once the scholar is lying dead at your feet. What have youdone? And what is becoming of you? You begin to wonder if itis inevitable that you will succumb bo the curse of the werewolf, (Lose 1 more LUCK point) Howling in tortured anguish you flee from the scene of your brutal crime and do not slop minning until you are deep in the embrace of the darkening forest again. Turn to 46 TU tell you what you are,' the diminutive Carnivale Master spils, his voice dripping with venom. 'You'rea killer! You murdered one of our own and Camivale justice demands retribution." You are dragged & another part of the tent where rotating board that forms part of a knife-thrower's act stands. You sttugele vainly as the Master's assistants manacle you to the board. Then someone sets it spinning and the knife-thrower steps up. He is a dead-shot and during his act can miss his assistant by only a hair's breadth Tonight, however, he chooses not t9 miss. Carnivale jusGce decrees it! Your adventure is over Then I fee] that this is where our paths must part again,' Van Richten says, obviously annoyed and disappointed, and stalks off again into the night. You feel that perhaps you have made an error ofjudgement in letting the Vampire Hunter down, giving in to the darker side of your personality, which is becoming stronger all the time. (Lose 1 Luck point and add i to YOU CHANGE score.) You spend the rest of the night in fitful sleep, and in the grey haze of morning are on your way again. Turn to 250
