Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 18 of 30

Range: SECTION 297 through SECTION 313



=== SECTION 297 | PDF PAGE 112 ===

As you descend the staircase the shadows deepen, as Ge wall-mounted torches peter out. The crypt itselFis etch black and you will need a lantern if you are © progress any further, If you have a lantern, the Mghi Creature special ability or the codeword Nether written on your Adventure Sheet, you can enter the > Svpt safely (tum tc 329). If you don't have any of the ove, but still want to risk entering the crypt, turn to > 39. If you don't want to enter the crypt after ail, burn 7 to choose ancther floor of the tower to explore LJ Jan Qee py pi oe Weiler giaeysy wk © free bas rae fete Seat ces, pee Lp ya be Fe VME a Le poe fi Qe Cae ry has ae he cae Qe i a --- «a ' i | | Hl Pg F ee Tae a di <j "il f= + Aion! a a! |. a" eos" OF iso ee 'a Lata Ve) a ener s eee Alli Ls ai. ot ide - VE ie dd PE, one? nlf ee =he mist thickens in front of you, coalescing into the slape ofa grotesque, phantasmatl creature. Everything out it is a macabre exaggeration of what a wolf "ould be in life; horrific dagger-length fangs soredding scythe-hook claws, blazing coal-cyes and aut incessant wailing howl. You have no choice but to Jefend yourself against the leader of the spectral pack = you dipped your sword in water earlier, turn to 276 Snot, turn to 96

=== SECTION 298 | PDF PAGE 113 ===

=he mist thickens in front of you, coalescing into the slape ofa grotesque, phantasmatl creature. Everything out it is a macabre exaggeration of what a wolf "ould be in life; horrific dagger-length fangs soredding scythe-hook claws, blazing coal-cyes and aut incessant wailing howl. You have no choice but to Jefend yourself against the leader of the spectral pack = you dipped your sword in water earlier, turn to 276

=== SECTION 299 | PDF PAGE 113 ===

Sssing from the depths of your subconscious comes a jyme that you remember being taught asa child Beware the Shiversprite, wy dear, when tee moon ts fat Sharp of claw and spintdle-limbed he is, and curring With toy breath and freezing touch fre brings the snosofiell chil Bail Witter hungers and as teeth, wy luoe, anid sharpened ones at that So bewre the Shiversprite, my dear, tole Hie Maon is fied." Te caulionary rhyme was more than just a child's stllime tale, it was a warning for those who might sad themselves at the mercy of one of Grandfather "inter's minions. The ditty even tells you the cle sental creature's name and to know such a being's se lame is to have power over it. "Shiversprite!' ecu shout. Hearing you utter ils name, the creature most jumps out of its icy skin. Without a moment's hesitation you declare the sprite to 'Begone!' With an @ar-piercing shriek the elemental appears to evaporate and 15 gone. Turn to 314

=== SECTION 300 | PDF PAGE 114 ===

Count Yarcolac, Prince of Lupravia, Were-Lord of Wulfen Castle and first of his cursed werewoif blood- line lies dead at your feet. You have exacted your revenge on this monstrous byrant, this begetter of wolf spawn. Bot whal is this? Even as you are looking down at Vartcolac's corpse in tiumph you see the many wounds you inflicted on him knit and heal bloodlessly. The werewoll's eyes flick open but now they burn like the fiery pits of hell itself. Your hackles rise and suddenly a series of vision-memories thal are not your own assail your conscious mind You see ive gathered within shadow-haunted ruins - a monk, a sorceress, a black-shrouded widow, a noblewoman and a younger Count Varcolac - as they embark upon some unholy ritual. In your mind's eye you see them cast treasures, valuable to each, into a pit of darkness. You hear the chanted invocation, see eA "7h <% LL A =< ££ L_- =< °° the silver-wrought daggers they have consecrated for ' their dark rite, feel the gathered Cadre's fear and excited anticipation. And then you briefly glimpse the i thing they surmmon forth from the Infernal Pit, a wolfish demon, its insubstantial flesh black as an evil man's dreams, snarling like a caged beast. 'You see the demon possess the astounded Count and witness his transformation into a Wolf for the first time > You understand now what is happening under your appalled gaze, The demon the Cadre summoned which possessed the rakish young prince and wrought its changes so dramatically upon him, is resurrecting Count Varcolac's werewolf body from the dead. But what can you do to stop this demonic resurrection? If you have the codeword Degnakc recorded on your Adventure Sheel, turn to 399 immediately. If not, have you collected any Silver Daggers dunng your adventure? If you have collected no daggers at alll turn to 133. [f you have collected five daggers and

=== SECTION 301 | PDF PAGE 114 ===

'know what todo with them, turn to the relevant page number you noted down earlier. If you have less than five daggers, or you do not know what to do with them,turn to 464 yo There are various chapters within Grynm's Foik-lore and the pages of wooden-block print are accompanied by woodcut illustrations of subjects such as a man extracting the stone from a toad's head and a hag being put to the ducking-stool. Much of Gnpmm is knowledge thai any peasant child would Imow. But in a ine Te

=== SECTION 302 | PDF PAGE 115 ===

a chapter entitled 'Of Myths Concerning the Cycles of Year', the author writes about beliefs surrounding the changing of the seasons, stating ihat such times of transition are when elemental forces, tied to the different times of the year, have most influence in the world. The seasons themselves are given the per- srufications of Mistress Springtime, the Sumuner Lord, Dame Autumn and Grandfather Winter by the peasant folk of Lupravia, whose lives and livelihoods are closely bound to the seasonal cycles. The chapter describes one of these elementals, a minion of Old Man Winter, called the Shiversprile, who heralds winler's retum, bringing hard frosts and sudden blizzards. You reach the end of the chapter just as Vereticus retums to the library. Turn to a60

=== SECTION 303 | PDF PAGE 115 ===

Ulrich sets off through the night at such a pace that, in your current condition, you find it exhausting to keep up. Your panting breath mists before you in the cold night air, but Ulrich shows no sign of slowing: your predicament is just too dire. And so you continue, half Tunning to keep up with the woodsman as he hurries - through the brooding forest, leading you deeper and deeper into this dark domain You have been travelling in this way for almost an hour when you come in sight of a stone cottage, com- plete with sagging thatched roof. Without breaking his stride, Ulrich marches up to the sturdy, iron-bound oak door and beats on it with the haft of his axe. From inside the cottage comes the sound of shuffling steps followed by a cracked, irritable voice: Who's there? And what do you want?' Grandmother!' the woodsman calls. 'It is Ulrich with 4 friend in need of your help.' A tiny hatch in the middle of the door slides open and two cataract- blurred eyes peer out before the opening closes again There is the grate of bolts being pulled back until at last the door opens. A hunched figure ushers you both into the warm glow before the door is slammed shut and rebolted Wrapped in a woollen shawl, the wizened old crone looks you up and down, suspiciously. She has a hooked nose and chin, and looks every part thre witch witha chain of silver charms hanging round her neck 50 it's you who needa my help, is it?' Grandmother Zekova says. You listen in nervous anticipation, as Ulrich tells the old wisewoman of the fate that has befallen you. The old woman appears to take mm what Ulrich says with dispassionate interest. When he is done she hams to you. Without saying a word she starts to prod and poke you, looking in your eyes and getting you bo stick out your longue. She also lakes a Jook at the wolf-bile on your shoulder Lycanthropy isa terrible and crippling curse indeed,' she says at last, 'but you are fortunate to have met ttustworthy Ulrich here, who has had the foresight to bring you to me. For I can help you, although I cannot cure you. The disease is still just taking hold and if we act fast we might yet be able to counteract the effects of the werewolf's galiva-venom. I can prepare a potion brewed from the belladonna weed, which will he but with your consent, I would like to bleed you fir so that the concoction might have a faster, mc potent, effect.' Will you let the wisewoman bleed you before admi istering her potion (turn to 335), or will you refuse as simply ask her to prepare the belladonna concoctic turn to 358)? Lightning courses through your body in an outbur of primal fury. (Lose 4 STAMINA points and, for as lor as you remain in the windmill, reduce your sKrLi by point as well.) However, fortuitously, the force of th explosion also melts the manacles securing you to th equipment bank and hurls you across the room land before the now-electrified table. The man-mad monster laid out on the slab shudders as the force « the storm animates it with unnatural life. 'It's alive the scientist shouts with unbridled glee. 'Never agai will they dare to accuse Professor Arcanum of infamy Now they will have to declare me a genius rathe than insane!' The hulking construct turns to face you and with lumbering, clanking steps advances on you arms outstretched. Turn to 152

=== SECTION 304 | PDF PAGE 116 ===

Lantern in hand, you run towards the monster's web while trying to avoid the ravening monster at the same time. Test your Skill. If you are successful, turn k 125. If you fail, you cannot avoid the stalking Black Widow (turn to 252 Night Creature -- Werewolves are creatures of the night re their powers influenced by the lunar cycle. You now have a closer affinity to the darkness and your night nd vision has improved considerably. Youno longer need d a lantern to see by when it is dark, whether it is in the rid depths of a moonless night or you are exploring subterranean tunnels. If you are told that you must 7 have a lantern to follow a particular route you may ignore this instruction. Make a note of this new special st | ability on your Adventure Sheet and turn to the para- ig | Staph with the same number as the one you were last 1 |) instructed to write down e. "Ah, good," says the second as you draw your blade 'something to sharpen my claws on!' UD Like a lamb to the slaughter" says the third

=== SECTION 305 | PDF PAGE 116 ===

Night Creature -- Werewolves are creatures of the night re their powers influenced by the lunar cycle. You now have a closer affinity to the darkness and your night nd vision has improved considerably. Youno longer need d a lantern to see by when it is dark, whether it is in the rid depths of a moonless night or you are exploring subterranean tunnels. If you are told that you must 7 have a lantern to follow a particular route you may ignore this instruction. Make a note of this new special st | ability on your Adventure Sheet and turn to the para- ig | Staph with the same number as the one you were last 1 |) instructed to write down

=== SECTION 306 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

OOO LLL The barmaid utters the last line of her spell witha final flourish of her hands staring towards the stable door You reatise that she can see you, but seems unper- turbed by your presence. 'He cames,' she says, lockin B past you, 'Iny brave Lord Lucre.' Hearing the jangle of haress behind you, and the impatient snort of a horse, you turn around and come face-to-face, as it were, with the Headless Highway- man once again. The ghost of Lord Lucre enters the stable on foot, drawn sabre in one hand and his own severed head under the other. Without uttering a single word, the spectre attacks HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN = sxitt.8 | stamina If you defeat your ghostly opponent, turn to 115

=== SECTION 307 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

A silver weapon will harm the brides just as it would other werecreatures. If you are wounded more than three times, add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you manage to kill all three of the savage brides, turn to 352 Blind while heads nudge at your hands as you fumble aboul in the slime, making you shudder in disgust Your hand closes around what feels like the hilt of a weapon. Withdrawing it you wipe the clinging slime from the object now in your hands and are amazed to discover that you are holding a beautifully crafted If you want lo lake the Silver Dagger, add this item to your Advrnitire Sheet and add the codeword Stoggam lo your Adventure Shect. You may use the dagger in combat but if you do so you will have to fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. Injuries you cause any creahure with the word 'Were* in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2} as the pure metal is inimical to their kind, The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and demons but only causes the usual 2 STAMINA points li takes a few moments for you to realise thal there has been a cost to putting your hand imto the slime, for it is mildly acidic. Your hand begins to burn and the skin reddens, just as if you had been burned. In time the pain wil] pass but you still suffer 1 STAMINA point of damage caused by the acid burn. Turn to 322

=== SECTION 308 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

The barmaid utters the last line of her spell witha final flourish of her hands staring towards the stable door You reatise that she can see you, but seems unper- turbed by your presence. 'He cames,' she says, lockin B past you, 'Iny brave Lord Lucre.' Hearing the jangle of haress behind you, and the impatient snort of a horse, you turn around and come face-to-face, as it were, with the Headless Highway- man once again. The ghost of Lord Lucre enters the stable on foot, drawn sabre in one hand and his own severed head under the other. Without uttering a single word, the spectre attacks HEADLESS HIGHWAYMAN = sxitt.8 | stamina If you defeat your ghostly opponent, turn to 115

=== SECTION 309 | PDF PAGE 117 ===

With cautious steps, keeping one hand on the wall to your left, you enter the crypt. The silent darkness swallows you up, bul it does not remain silent far long. A ghastly hissing sound aleris you to the dire nature of your situation. Then you feel the first of half a dozen pairs ol filthy talons seize hold of you and, as you struggle to ready your weapon, the first decaying teclh sink mto your flesh. You end your adventure as the main course in a ghoulish feast for the undead ' een aaa

=== SECTION 310 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Passing through the door you enter what appeare to be an artificer's workahop. The mechanical puts of all manner of clockwork contraptions cover shelves and workbenches, along with the tools used to construct them. However, ane object stands out beyond all others. It is a life-size, brass replica ofa man. The metal mannequin, an exquisite work of art more delicate than any suit of armour, stands immobile, like nothing so much as an artist's paseable maquette. Right over where the figure's heart would be is a large keyhole. If you have a Brass Key and want to turn it in the keyhole, turn to 452. Lf not, there is nothing else for you in the artificer's room and so you will have to re turn to the junction and take the door that is now ahead of you (turn to 428), or the one that 1 to your Tight (turn to 459

=== SECTION 311 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Then | pity you your predicament,' the man says darkly, 'but I cannot permil a cursed creature of the night to live, and risk the contagion spreading.' With that, he raises his pistol agaln and in response realising that combat |s inevitable, you unsheathe your sword. Turn to 465

=== SECTION 312 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Wondrous, my sweeting, wondrous!' warbles the first, snatching the item from you. (Cross it off from your Possessions.) 'Now, be on your way.' fil Will you now depart, ag instructed (turn to 352), or will you turn on the brides when they are least expecting it (him to 306)?

=== SECTION 313 | PDF PAGE 118 ===

Upeanthropy: The Curse of the Werewolf surpriss you because it has been copied out by hand, each new page of information beginning with a sinisterly iluminated capital letter Much of the book is filled with incorrect and downright ndiculous numours half-truths and utter lies about the nature of Were- creatures, lycanthropy, and how to contract the condi- Hon Of what is left you feel that you know mest of it already - that silver is harmful to lycanthropes and that they are forced to transform once every lunar cycle when the moon is full. However, there is other information here that you know will help you manage the transformation from man bo wolf. (Lose 1 CHANGE point) In time Vereticus re-enters the library. Turn to 260 With the rising of the eun, the ice melts again and the forest is Gee once more of the attenhons of Winter's the woods and cross a tussocky heath, dotted with the standing stone markers of some ancient and long- forgotten tribe. Your path descends through this pur- ple and green landscape of heather-thick heathland unt] you come In sight of another village. Turn to 250 in killer's attention is drawn to the new arrival. The wolf Rives voice to its blood-curdling prow! and you fecl] it rumbling through your body as the weight of the beast still pins you to the cald, damp floor of the forest There is another shout and then an agonised yelping The weight on lop of you 3s released. Hearing another howl of pain you manage to roli onto your side. But something is wrong; you feel woozy and your head slarts to spin. Your vision greying, you see a tall thickset figure standing over the Black Wolf, a sturdy woodsman's axe in his hand. The axe descends again and the wolf gives a strangled yowl. The axeman swings his makeshift weapon again, landing another blow, and the wolf flees yelping, the nest of the pack skulking after lheir leader. Then the hulking figure is looming over you. Overcome by pain and blood loss your body cannot take any more and you black cut Turn lo £11
