Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 25 of 30

Range: SECTION 425 through SECTION 440



=== SECTION 425 | PDF PAGE 159 ===

The priest's expression relaxes and he apens his eyes apain. "I sense only poodness and a time heart," he aays, smiling. He introduces himself as Corran, the guardian of the spring that was first brought forth from the ground by the blessed saint. 'And you are warthy to partake of its holy healing gift,' he says Corran leads you out of the warming room to a spiral stone staircase that winds down into the earth, leading you beneath Fenmeor. At the bottom, in a dreular stone-walled chamber lit by smoking wall sconces stands the well of Saint Crucius, Corran draws a bucket of clear water from the well and decants some into a golden chalice that stands at its lip. 'Here,' he says, offering you the cup, 'drink, and may the saint's blessings pour down upon you.' Reverently you accept the chalice and gulp down its content As soon as the liquid reaches your stomach, you grip your belly im agony, teeti clenched and tears streant- ing fom your eyes. The water that comes from Crudus' well has been blessed by the saint, which rIEJ makes it holy water, and holy water is inimical to your kind. There is no escaping the fact that you are now well on your way to becoming a creature of the night Lose 2 sTAmmNa points.) Thankfully the knot of agony become aware of another feeling inside you. The eases and, as the overwhelming pain passes, you waters of the healing well have slowed the spread of the lycanthropic infection riddling your body. Roll ane dice, divide by 2 (rounding fractions up) and then add 1; this is how many points you should reduce YOUr CHANGE score by (but make a note that it cannot drop below 1). Regain 1 LUCK point boo. Corran fixes you with a suspicious Icok, 'I have never seen the blessed waters affect anyone in that way before,' he says. IE you have the codeword Nomed wriiten down on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 455. [f not, turn to 484

=== SECTION 426 | PDF PAGE 159 ===

Despite its massive size and ungainly bulk, the maggot is able to move surprisingly quickly The creatute is a truly horrific corruption of nature. How- ever, more horrifying than its grisly nature is the fact that the creature you are fighting was once the Abbot of the Black Monks, now changed beyond all recop- nition, That said, it is not the most cunning of killers and so shouldn't prove too much of a challenge to an accomplished warrior such as yourself MAGGOT SKILLG STAMINA 16 The maggot will attempt to bite you with its perpet- ually mashing mandibles. If it wounds you, moll one Le EEE dice. On a roll of 6, rather than bite you, the maggot will spit acidic slime at you, causing 3 STAMINA points damage. If you kill the Abbotabomination, turn to 114

=== SECTION 427 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Fiend,' you say, but the man's aim does not waver his eyes narrowing, in case you should try anything Roll two dice. If the total is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, turn to 123. If the total rolled is greater fur bo 50K

=== SECTION 428 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Opening the door, you enter Castle Wulfen's extensive library. Row after row of bookcases groan under the weight of innumerable dusty tomes. Within this great repository of knowledge, one book has been given pride of place, lying on a lectern carved to resemble a dragon. The book is bound in black leather and bears the title On the Conjuration and Banishment! of Demons The air around the book seems suffused with a grim malfeasance and you are sure it is colder at this spoL If you dare to open this forbidding book to see what aid it can offer you, turn to 100. If you would rather leave well enough alone, you vacate the library and take either the door that is now to your left (turn to 496), or the one directly ahead of you (turn to 310

=== SECTION 429 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Peering around the door jamb, and seeing no one outside in the corridor, you set off towards the stairs As you creep along the darkened corridor you pass 43° another door which stands slightly ajar, the room beyond lit by the soft yellow light of a puttezing candle. Perhaps this is the room that the mystery midnight wanderer vacated. Glancing through the open door you see an empty unmade bed, a rickely bedside table, on which stands the dripping candle and a large wooden chest against one wall. The room appears to be empty so will you enter and explore fur- ther (turn to 449) or will you continue after whoever it was who just left this chamber (turn to 224)?

=== SECTION 430 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

You while away a quarter of an hour watching the Puppetmaster af work. On the small stage of his booth a brave knight battles a despicable wizard, conquering his monstrous dragon te rescue a beautiful princess and free the kingdom from an evil enchantment. It is a4 traditional tale that has been told a thousand times over but you find this particular performance capti- Vating, almost as if you were under a spell yourself This is in part due to the lifelike qualities of the tiny Marionettes and their naturalistic movements. You have been amazed by the puppet show, but you have also been slightly unnerved by it. (Make sure that the codeword Eguaris is writen down on your Adventure Sheet.) Leaving an equally engrossed crowd still enjoy- ing the show, you move on through the fayre. Turn to 167. a

=== SECTION 431 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

You kick out with you feet to re turn to the languidly rippling surface but go nowhere. You can feel a vice- like grip around your ankle. Looking down through the murky water you see that your foot has become caught in the trap of a human ribcage lying among the tethering weeds. You kick out again, lungs fit to burst but sill canmot free yourself, You then take your sword to the skeletal snare but the more you hack at the ribcage, twisting and turning in the soupy green water, the more you become entangled in the pemu- cious water-weed yoursell. Eventually you can hold your breath no longer and, involuntarily gasping {for air, you suck in great lungfuls of foetid water. The Water-Wyrd may not have claimed you for its supper but the Drowning Pool has won itself another victim nonetheless. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 432 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

Keeping a watchful eye on the ichor-clouded water where the horror's body sank -just in case- you wade through the pool looking for anything else of value that mieht be lying forgotten beneath the surface And, incredibly, you do find several other treasures There is a Silver Mirror, an Ebon Wand, a Bloodstone Amulet and a Garnet Ring. (lf you decide to lake ant of these objects, add them to your Adventure Sheet Now you are ready to leave, but the abomination lurking in this place is not prepared to let you. All the while you have been searching its waterlogged lait the horror's unnatural physiology has begun to regenerate. You are about to start climbing the stone shaft when a slime-slick, regenerating teritacle coils out of the murky water and wraps itself around your ankle, pulling you back towards the centre of the pool Sword in hand you hack at the suckered pseudopod to free yourself REGENERATING TENTACLE skILL7 sTAMENA4 If you defeat the tentacle, you recommence scaling the pit-shaft before any more of the monster can fegenerate. Turn to 154

=== SECTION 433 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

The passageway opens out into a much larger, caver- nous space. A distinctive mammalian smell hangs in the still, moist air of the cave. Lying against a congre- gation of limestone stalagmites is the body of a wolf only now it is little more than a husk of skin and bones. Surely this can't be the Beast you are hunting It looks, and smells, like it has been lying hear for some time, all fluid having been drained from the carcass. Then you hear the skittering, scratching sound of something moving across the cave towards you. Creeping down the vertical wall of the cave is a huge spider. Its body alone is at least five feet in length, the spread of its legs more than double that As if the size of the monstrous arachnid were not horrendous enough, its head is some grotesque amalgam of wolf and spider, a long muzzle forced out of shape by huge mandibles. Making a sound that is halfway between a hiss and a growl, the mutated Giant Wolf Spider launches its attack GIANT WOLF SPIDER SKILL§ STAMINA7 If you slay the lupine arachnid, there is nothing for - you here so you have no other choice than to leave the - rocky chamber, Will you take 4, funnel with an obvious seam of black atone? Turn to 368 4, sandy-floored tunnel? Turn to 207 Asubterranean tunnel leading under one wall? Turn to 405 Amusky-smelling tunnel? Tarn tog

=== SECTION 434 | PDF PAGE 162 ===

If you slay the lupine arachnid, there is nothing for - you here so you have no other choice than to leave the - rocky chamber, Will you take 4, funnel with an obvious seam of black atone? Turn to 368 4, sandy-floored tunnel? Turn to 207 Asubterranean tunnel leading under one wall? Turn to 405 Amusky-smelling tunnel? Tarn tog Konrad is unable to hide his disappointment at your refusal. Well if that's how you feel,' he says obviously disgruntled, 'then you won't mind paying for that meal.' He rises abruptly and points at the bow! in front of you, before storming out of the inn. You fee! ! obliged to pay for the meal you have just consumed and, as dusk is already falling outside The Suckling - Pig, you decide to pay for a room for the night as well Deduct a total of 3 Gold Pieces from your Adventure Sheet You spend a fitful night sleeping an a lumpy, Lice ridden mattress in a cold room, keptawake by an eerie howling that echoes from somewhere beyond the © edge of the village, seemingly calling to something in your bleod. (Add 1 CHaNGE point.) You eventually fall asleep as dawn is breaking. When you wake you decent rest. Leaving Strigoiva, will you follow the discover itis already past noon, and you feel no better for having paid for what you had hoped would be a Toad to the north (turn to 16¢) or the east (tur to 478 COO or will you take the less well-travelled track into the forest, the scrubby outskirts of which lie a mile or so tothe north-east of the village (turn to 8)?

=== SECTION 435 | PDF PAGE 162 ===

In a small ante-room off the main staircase you come toa set of black-lacquered double doors. Above them is the same crest you saw on the floor of the entrance hall - a skull surmounted by a bat with wings outstretched. Your unfailing sixth sense tells you that you have found the lair of the Lady of Maun. Boldly you push open the doors, and find yourself at one end of a gloomy corridor, a second set of double doors stands at the other end. Roll one dice. If the number Tolled is less than or equal to your ALARM score, bum to.448. If the number rolled is greater than your ALARM score, Hum bo gy

=== SECTION 436 | PDF PAGE 162 ===

You spring forward and phinge your blade into the creature. The bp of your sword pierces its heart and Wolf-Were dies with a piteous howl. With appar- ently no regard for his own safety, the man runs over to the dead creature and, falling to his knees, cradles its misshapen head in his hands, 'What have you done?' the man screams, tears glistening in his eyes He was no threat to you! He did not know what he was doing. He was only acting on instinct, and now you have murdered him - my son! The man fixes you with a look of buming hatred and says quite clearly, 'T curse you in the name of Almor, Lord of Wolves, for the life you have taken.' Your skin suddenly feels like it's on fire and you claw at your clothes to try to stop the pain as something besha] claws at you from the inside - the wolf in you hungers for freedom. (Add 2 to your CHANGE score and lose 2 STAMINA points, as well as 1 Luck point.) Roll two dice. If the total is ETealer yOUI CHANGE score, you turn tail] and nin from this tragic scene, not stopping until you are well away from the estate (turn to 44), If the total is less than or equal to Your CHANGE score, turn to 457 #37 You plunge a hand into the icy water but even as you splash your face with it you can feel it burning. You stifle a cry of pain bul the burning sensation continues Lose 2 STAMINA points.) You look at your hand and see that the skin is twisted as if it has been plunged into boiling water. You imagine thal your face must look the same. None of the other villagers suffered in this way, but then you aren'l like other people any more. The stone bowl contains blessed holy water and, like it or not, you are slowly but surely becoming a creature of the night. Holy water is anathema to you! Lose 1 Luck point) The burning pain eventually passes but you have been permanently scarred. There is nothing you can do but hurry after the hunting party. Turn to 497

=== SECTION 437 | PDF PAGE 163 ===

You plunge a hand into the icy water but even as you splash your face with it you can feel it burning. You stifle a cry of pain bul the burning sensation continues Lose 2 STAMINA points.) You look at your hand and see that the skin is twisted as if it has been plunged into boiling water. You imagine thal your face must look the same. None of the other villagers suffered in this way, but then you aren'l like other people any more. The stone bowl contains blessed holy water and, like it or not, you are slowly but surely becoming a creature of the night. Holy water is anathema to you! Lose 1 Luck point) The burning pain eventually passes but you have been permanently scarred. There is nothing you can do but hurry after the hunting party. Turn to 497

=== SECTION 438 | PDF PAGE 163 ===

As you make your way along the barely perceptible track, spindly branched trees encroach further onto the path, until you are picking your way between distended knotty boles and half-protruding roots. The sun sinks, veiled behind heavy grey clouds and the dark silhouettes of trees. A carrion bird croake ' hoarsely into the dusk and then is ominously silent You wonder where you should make camp for the right, as the air is getting noticeably colder around you. In fact the chill feels more like what you would expect of a midwinter night. You take another step forward, your booted heel crunching on a thick layer of ground frost. Hearing a perceptible crackling in the air around you, you watch as feathery tendrils of ice spread across the trunks and naked skeletal branches of the gnarled trees, covering everything in a hoar frost. Icicles form on the ice-heavy boughs and your breath mists in clouds before your face. This sub-zero scene sparkles, glitters and glows under the ghostly luminescence of a moon near full. Some battle of the seasons is taking place at this spot but that is not the only change that is occurring at this moment Waite the number 103 on your Adventure Shee? and then turn to 20

=== SECTION 439 | PDF PAGE 163 ===

You are unaware of the presence of the two Black Monks lying in wait for you beyond the archway until itis too late. The hwo holy men leap out of the shadows with preternatural speed and seize you, holding you ina grip of iron that surprises you. Leaving you in the hands of his brother, ane of the monks produces a chalice from somewhere and brings it to you. 'You have been truly blessed,' he says. Qozing slime hangs in strings from the lip of the chalice. 'The Abbot has iz deemed you worthy of an audience and offers you this sacrament. Take the cup, and drink.' There is nothing you can do as, between the bvo of them, the Black Monks force your mouth open and empty the nauseous contents of the chalice into your mouth Spluttering and gasping for air you cannot help but swallow a mouthful of the revolting stuff. Roll two dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal to you curtent CHANGE score,turn to gg7. If itis greater, turn to 474

=== SECTION 440 | PDF PAGE 164 ===

As the last of the wolves torns tail and Hees, you follow Ulrich as he strides up to the iron-bound oak doar of the cottage, the wood gouged to splinters by savage claw marks. "Grandmother! he calls. 'Tt is Ulich witha friend in need of your help.' A tiny hatch 'inthe middle of the door slides open and bwo cataract bluzred eyes peer cut before the hatch is shut fast again, There is the grate of bolts being pulled back and then finally the door opens, A hunched figure ushers you both into the warm glow, muttering something about "Damned wolves' before slamming the door shutagain and throwing back the bolts Peering out from under a woollen shawl, the old crone looks you up and down, blinking myopically. She has a hooked nose and chin, and looks avery part the witch, with a chain of silver charms hanging round her neck. 'So, it's you who needs my help, is it?' Grandmother Zekova asks. You listen in nervous anticipation as UJrich tells the old wisewoman what ML __-<-<-<---_<_-_ |i <8. = has happened. You expect her to cry out in horror and Tun screaming from the cottage at any moment, but the old woman appears to take in what Ulrich is telling her with earnest concentrabon. When he is done she turns to you. Without saying a word she starts to prod and poke, looking in your eyes and getting you to stick out your tongue. She also takes a look at your wolf-bite Lycanthropy is a terrible and crippling curse,' she says at last, 'but you are fortunale to have met fustworthy Ulrich this night, and that he had the foresight to bring you to me. The disease will still just be taking hold, so if we act fast we might yet be able to counteract the effects of the werewollf's saliva-venom I can give you a potion brewed from the belladonna plant, which will help, but, with your consent, [would like to bleed you first so that the potion might have a faster, nore potent, effect.' Will you let the wisewoman bleed you before administering her potion (burn te 335}, or will you Tefuse and simply take the potien without bemg bled first (turn to 358)?
