Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 12 of 30

Range: SECTION 190 through SECTION 207



=== SECTION 190 | PDF PAGE 74 ===

Preoccupied with thoughts of how long you have left Sent the next full moon, you barely realise that the sen has set and that the last splashes of colour seederlighting the clouds is fading to dusky amethyst = moon is rising and, with no shelter in sight, it Woks like you are going to have to camp in the open ® =a these dark moors. Just then you come in sight of a ® Seching inn. A light flickers in a window, like a 7 beacon beckoning you on. Eagerly you quicken your gece, determined act to be caught out on these Ssolate moors after what you have heard about the 1) Shosts that stalk the land of Lupravia Sowly, over the unsettling keening of the wind, you Become aware of the jangle of harness behind you- Hearing hooves pounding the road you turn to see who is following you, but there is no one there; no horse, mo rider, nothing. But you can still hear the @tumming beat of the hooves pounding the road. You peer through the darkness, back the way you have -come. And then you da see something. Materialising eat of the gloom, in a haze of greeny-yellow lumin- scence twenty paces from youis the figure of a phan- 'tom rider on horseback. A cape streams out behind the cider and you see he is wearing finely worked Imec-length black leather boots. He lashes the reins of Wes horse as it tears along the road towards you framing at the mouth, its eyes buming witch-lights Asif that were not horrifying enough, the rider has no lead, and yet from somewhere you can hear the cry af. 'Yaah! Yaah! On, Barushka. On till morning!' The phantom rider and its steed are closing on you fast. Will you turn tail and run, trying to reach the safety of the inn before the rider catches you (turn to 60), or will you stand and face the rider (burn to 462)?

=== SECTION 191 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

You throw yourself out of the way as the wolf lands hunched on the spot where you were standing only a moment before. But you are still surrounded by the rest of the pack. You abruptly find yourself face-to- face with two particularly mangy-looking, slavering specimens that try to rake you with their ragged claws while their fellows howl encouragement Fighl the wolves both al the same Hime Fost WOLF 7 6 Second WOLF 6 5 After you have fought two Atack Rounds against the wolves the monstrous Black Wolf - uring of waiting for its fellows to finish you - joins the battle BLACK WOLF SKILL§ STAMINAG You now find yourself fighting all three wolves at the name time. After two further Attack Rounds, or if you reduce the Black Wolf's sTawmNa to 7 or leas, which- eVer is sooner, turn at ance to 271

=== SECTION 192 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

Shrieking with inhuman fury, the vampiric Lady of Maun flies at you, her cloak spreading out behind her like hideous, oversized bat wings VAMPIRES SKILL 10 STAMINA 13 & the Vampiress scores two consecutive hits against you, turn to 228. if you reduce the Vampiress' STAMINA

=== SECTION 193 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

Ons Ose pan imemeiseely 10245 Byou will nol accept my help, given freely and with- mtexpectation of reciprocation, I think you had better eve.' You now see how inconsiderate and ungrateful you have been, but it is too late for apologies. Thank- Vereticus for the use of his library, you leave his Some and the poorly maintained estate, re turning to Be forest path as the sun sinks ever lower. Turn to 46 © drop from the end of the pipe onto a pile of rotting

=== SECTION 194 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

Ste and stinking detritus. You are in what appears ® be little more than a natural cavern that has been sorbed into an underground dungeon complex The cave-chamber ia lit by a dull green luminescence Set comes from patches of moas covering the rugged eof. By this bilious green glow you see that the floor St the chamber is flooded with sludgy water. Hearing * splash you see a tell-tale ripple at the edge of the © pool. You cannot imagine that there is anything that ms could passibly want or need down here sq your mind tums to finding a way out. Two pipe-like Passages lead out of the chamber, one directly ahead @ you (hum to 227) and another to your left (turn to

=== SECTION 195 | PDF PAGE 75 ===

242). But if you want to explore this cave further Hrat Wasting no ime, you strap on your aword-belt and been lying beside the bed. Lighting your lantern heave your pack onto your back, both af which ha step out of the hut and back into the chill nlght. Ulrie follows you, putting on a thick wolfskin cloak bel carrying only his axe for protection, Soon you am swallowed up between the black trees once more and by a combination of lantern-light and moonlight, you scour the benighted forest glades for the elusive herk Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn te 12. If you am

=== SECTION 196 | PDF PAGE 76 ===

Unlucky, tir bo 233 inhabitants of Wulfenstem have locked and barred whatever it is that is making the dreadfu) growling don't Like the look of this place,' she says, her eves narrewed by dark suspicions. 'Itis too wild to be some where that humans should call home. There is toe much of the "Were" about it." She is right; this is the place where you will find the head of the were bleodline you have been hunting, you know itl 'The Straub-Werebeast was brying tc escape to here,' Katye continues, 'and I could well believe that this place holds a veritable werewolf's lair. We have much work to do here. But where to start?' Wu can answer her that, 'The castle,' you say. 'A lord i) who would Set his demesne become a place fit only for @ays and wild an!mals must at least have an inkling tp what is happening here.' Katya agrees and so the wo of you steer your weary mounts towards the feebiddlng edifice of Castle Wulfen, You neglect to tell ter that your heightened animal senses can smell the mek of the Were emanating from the direction of the Sevcring fortress. It is as if something is calling to the wolf in you. Calling it home The gates of the Castle are wide open and so, the scent # wolf hot in your nostrils, you pass beneath the @ecbican. And then your lupme senses are screaming ®warning. You draw your weapon as what looks like @olfman leaps at you from out of the shadows of the @ichouse, batting away the creature's initial attack Mantya receives no such wamung and is pulled from ber horse by another wolfman._ [tis only as the creature Meet attacked you comes at you again thal you take Sone, green-grey internal organs, and hollow ribs. The ®) Werewargs are unholy creatures, undead werewolves ®) @2pped ina decaying semiHupine form and possessed ® of an insane hunger for living flesh. You engage in sattle with one of the monsters as Katya struggles to @efend herself against the other WEREWARG SKILL? STAMINA S W the Werewarg wounds you more than twice, add 1 © ® vour cHance score. If you kill the undead horror turn to 387

=== SECTION 197 | PDF PAGE 77 ===

With his own pained howl of rage and frustration the mad professor stumbles out of the lab, smashe through a wooden balustrade and plunges to his death on the ground at the foot of the windmill You too will have to make your own hasty exit if you am not to be trapped in the burning building and suffe the consequences. However, as you look for a way out, you spy a shelf, as yet untouched by the flames on which stand what look like various bottled potions Ifyou want to take a closer look at these bottles before fleeing, fun to 212, otherwise, turn to 291

=== SECTION 198 | PDF PAGE 77 ===

Getting off the road, you hunker down in a ditch using your travelling cloak like a tarpaulin. Exhausted you soon fall asleep, despite the inclement weather You are woken some time later when the full fury a thunder shakes the landscape, loud enough, it seems to shatter the sky. With explosive force, a bolt of retine searing lightning streaks down from the sundered heavens and strikes the top of the derelict windmill There ja a secondary flash from inside the building In the silence that follows the thunderclap, you fancy you hear an insane voice cry, It's alivel' But whatever may be going on inside the abandoned mill you have your own safety to worry about. Lighming and sending secondary bolts sparking down te the ground. Two of these bolts hit the ground nearby but rather than earth themselves harmlessly in the soil they take on the fizzling form of two tiny, and vaguely humanoid creatures. Fizzing and sparking, the Lightning Sprites - true children of the storm - leap erkily towards you, attracted by the metal objects you have in your possession. Fight the elementals both at the same lime. i SKILL STAMINA ® First LIGHTNING SPRITE ¥ 4 second LIGHTNING SPRITE 6 4 Wf you choose to fight the sprites with a sword or dagger, every time you make a successful strike against one of them you receive a sharp electric shock in return, causing you (> lose 2 STAMINA points However, if you ight these elemental beings unarmed yeu will not suffer this damage, although you will have bo reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point for the duration of the battle. If you manage to defeat the of the night battered by howling winds and lashed by trrendal rain. When morning does eventually come you go on your way, sodden and weary (turn bo 500

=== SECTION 199 | PDF PAGE 77 ===

Your blade cuts into the Hound Master's leg and he howls in pain. At once his loyal mastiff is on you Sinking its teeth into your sword-hand before you can kick it away from you. Lose 2 STAMINA points, 1 SKILL point and 1 LucE point. The mastiff suddenly becomes & quaking cur as a dreadful how] cuts through the tense atmosphere of the hall. The true Werebeast is revealing itself, turn to 62

=== SECTION 200 | PDF PAGE 78 ===

With a sorrawfhal heart you gaze down at the dying Ulrich, who has regained his human form. 'Do not blame yourself, my friend,' he manages. "We all have our secrets. I should thank you for releasing me from my own dreaded curse.' Then he is gone. After every- thing that the kind-hearled woodsman did for you in the short time that you knew him, at the end all you could offer in return was death by cold steel, But Ehere is still one more thing you can do for him now No longer troubled by wolves, you spend the rest of the night dipping Ulrich's grave. As the sun finally rises over the forests, drawing a ground mist from the hollows of the trees, you lay the woodsman to rest, plaang his axe on the earthen mound that marks his final resing-place. You leave the spot with a heavy heart and not only because you have had to bury a good man, whatever dark secrets might have troubled his soul. Despile having slain the werevwall that infected you, it is clear the afflichon still has a hold of you Exhausted, you lie down to sleep as a watery sun drags itself into ine sky behind a veil of grey cloud. It has been a harrowing night, aad in spite of all the worrles running through your mind, you still sleep although your dreams are beset by visions of Ulrich changing into a savage bear, roaring in bone wrenching agony When you wake, stiff and sore from slecping on the root-knotted forest floor, the sun is again sinking in the sky. Your search for the head of the werewolf bloodline cannot wait any longer. The next full moon can only be a matter of days away. Something in your blood tells you that the rescluiion to your quest lies somewhere within the land of Lupravia Walking east you descend out of the chill forest and emerge on the westernmost boundary of the princi- pality There is a noticeable absence of birdsong which unnerves you. Crossing gorse-covered heath- land, in the far distance you can see the hazy purple peaks of the mountain wall that holds the ancient principality of Lupravia within its rocky embrace Ahead of you lies a land of menacing forests, boggy moorland and abyssal river gorges Nestled at the base of the narrow valley you are descending is a village of prey, steeply pitch-roafed buildings, clustered together as if for mutual pro- 'xction from the bleak wilderness all around them Slony, cropless fields surround the settlement making a i nd net He sien "i & ' ee

=== SECTION 201 | PDF PAGE 79 ===

the whole place appear truly uninvitng. As you get nearer stil, a weathered road sign informs you that you are approaching the village of Strigoiva, Beyond the huddle of houses, you make out a road that leads away fom Strgoiva before forking in three directions Hf you want to enter the village, turn to 116- Alter- naively, if you would prefer te press on and avoid an encounter with the native populace of Lupravia, you may skirt around Strigoiva and take the road heacling north {burn to 169), the one heading east (turn to 479 or the one less well-travetled that leads north-east into the forest, the scrubby boundaries cf which lie a mile er so from the village (hum to 8 Coming within earshot of the Burgomaster, you listen intently to what he has to say. Filling in the gaps for yourself it soon becomes apparent that the lands sumounding the town are being terrorised by a mon- ster that folk have named the Beast of Vargenhof. This creature ts supposedly responsible for the slaughter Pio ™ ae Pe i " olf sc " -- OF x Ss Soe ae of various sheep and cattle and also for the disappear- 7 ance of a shepherdess, an aging woodsman, and even a child. The Beast is said to be twice a big as a man and walks on its hind legs, but has characteristics more befitting a bear or wolf. Perhaps the Beast of Vargenhof is the Arch-Lycanthtope you are search- ing for Burgomaster Straub has declared that whoever cap- 7 tures or kills the Beast will be presented with a reward fom the town's coffers. Talk of a bounty has drawn all manner of hunters and tappers from the surround- ing hills and forests and it is among these hard-bitten > men that you find yourselfnow. Despite their outward bravado, the hunters are organising themselves into a band, thereby to run the Beast to ground - they obviously believe there is safety in numbers. If you want to join this Beast Hunt you may either do so alone (turn to 456) or as part of the larger party (burn & 259). Alternahvely you may, if you wish to and you haven't already done so, explore the market square harm to 62) or, if you are done here, leave the town altogether (turn to 507 heeieee eee ome

=== SECTION 202 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Beyond the limits of Sirigoiva once more, will you Fellow the road as it splits to the north {burn to 160 to the east (turn io 478), or will you take the less well-used track, into the forest, to the north-east (turn to 8)?

=== SECTION 203 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Reaching up, you lift one of the shields down fram its place on the wall. Nothing untoward happens either which is a relief. There are several different designs bul all of the shields carry Lhe same benefils. For as long as you are carrying the shield in battle you may reduce an enemy's Attack Strength by 1 point. Record the shield on your Adventure Stieet. Will you now take one of the maces down from the wall fom to 278) or leave this floor and look elsewhere {fuorn to 7}?

=== SECTION 204 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Ducking into the deeper shadows of a sunken door- way, feeling your heart pounding in your chest, you try to calm your accelerated breathing. You pray that whalever itis thatis approaching will pass by, without even knowing you are there, Roll two dice. If the talal is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, bum bo 172 ifit is greater,turn to 345

=== SECTION 205 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Meg shrieks as you burst into the stable and jumps to her feet. But what will you do now? Will you rIC Attack the witch? Turn to 274 Wipe out the markings on the floor? Turn to 241 Grab the skull? Turn to 295

=== SECTION 206 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

Releasing the reins you arm yourself. The creature's mowers of transformation have restored its strength so that itis as deadly a foe as the first ime you fought Beast of Vargerhol WEREBEAST SKILL& sTaAMINA 11 If you do not have the Quickening special ability, you Must reduce your Attack Strength by 1 point for the duration of your battle with the Werebeast atop the wlting stagecoach. If the Beast wounds you, roll one dice and if you roll a 4, turn to 451. If you survive six Attack Rounds or reduce the Werebeast's stamina to points or less, turn to 4fo at once

=== SECTION 207 | PDF PAGE 80 ===

You reach another junction in the never-ending tun- =els, Will you follow A passageway with puddles of water collected on the floor? Turn to 468 Apassageway with rough, broken stones covering its rocky floor? Turn to 97 Asandy-floored passageway? Turn to 433 is ea: ie Ne 'i CY, A ; ae (it i ons | ih Seal See
