Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 3 of 30

Range: SECTION 24 through SECTION 40



=== SECTION 24 | PDF PAGE 17 ===

Taking a firm hold of the stones at the lip of the pit vou carefully lower yourself over the edge, down into the darkness. There are plenty of hand- ane fool-holds 0 be found but the stones lining the pit are slick with slime. The air in the shaft smells of damp, fungal matter. Tes! your Luck. If you are Lacky, you reach the ') battom of the pit safely (turn to 221). If you are Unlucky, turn te 121

=== SECTION 25 | PDF PAGE 17 ===

It is no good; the lycanthropy has your body within its clawed grip now. With a yowl of intense, bone- wrenching pain, your physical form reshapes itself ztowing in height, limbs becoming longer, your pain- contorted features giving way toa lupine muzzle. You have become the thing you have fought se hard and for so long to thwart. Your clothes and leather armour can oo longer contain your changing body and are shed along with your human skin, as the hairy wolf's Side rips through from inside. (Lose 2 Luck points necrease your current and Initia! SKILL scare by 1 point ' and your current and Initial STAMINA score by 2 points.) Dropping the weapon you wielded as a auman being, howling with bestial raze, still vaguely aware that itis the Count Varcolac who has ultimately Srought the Curse of the Werewolf upon you, in your aew lycanthrope form you spring at the Varcolac- wolf, determined to exact your revenge. Record the codeword Degnahe on your Adventure Sheet and turn to 18g

=== SECTION 26 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

Roll up! Roll up!' the elfin Carnivale Master shouts his voice like a town crier's, seeing that he is about to lase a paying customer. "Tame the savage Grendel and see the unnatural cross between female beauby and rapacious reptile that is Serpensa the Snake- woman. Visit the haunting Hall of Mirrors, marvel at the magic of the Puppetmaster's marionettes or cross Madame Zelda's hand with gold to have her forecast your future. Alt the fun of the fayre is here at the Carnivale!' You find yourself drawn to the little man's mesmerising faze, unable to tear your eyes away. Roll lwo dice. If the total is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, something makes you change your mind and you decide you would like to visit the Carnivale after all, fm to 134. Lf the total is ereater turn to go

=== SECTION 27 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

You take another step forward and your boot abruptly sinks into the squidgy grownd up te your thigh. Your momentam carries you forward with your other foot and soon you are up to your waist m the stinking chitches of a peat bog. Grasses and moss have grown over this patch of marshy ground, hiding the dangers of the bog beneath. As you bwist and turn, trying to see a way ta get yourself out of Lhe bog your body sinks still further, You are up to your chest when you spy the length of exposed root protruding from a lussock of grass on which a gnarled bush grows Trying lo gain any purchase you can from the ground beneath your feet you lean forward, straining every muscle in an attempt to reach the root and pull yourself free. Roll three dice. Lf the total rolled is less than or equal to your STAMINA score, turn to 128. If the total is preater, turn to By

=== SECTION 28 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

As the sun runs its course across the heavens, you <limb higher through the wooded hills and the clouds close in. During your trek you see not hair nor hide of Beast, In fact you are barely aware of any signs of hfe in this desolate landscape. The sound of birdsong ceased long ago in the woods of the lower slopes. You come in sight of an isolated farmstead, As you take in the drooping, mossy thatch of the farmhouse and the sear-derelict nature of the tumbledown outbuildings thunder mumbles across the hilltops and the clauds 5urst. What starts as a shower becomes a torrential downpour within minutes. Da you want to seek shelter af the run-down fann {hum to 53) or will you cum back and retin to Vareenho! (turn to 483)?

=== SECTION 29 | PDF PAGE 18 ===

This almost dawn by the hme you make it away from Carnivale. Having tended to any wounds you may have received and eaten a meal (if you wish}, you decide that it is time to move on from Balci altogether Pressing on easl, there are hvo routes you can take. Do You want to travel on Lhe open read towards the town Vargenhof (hum to 144) or would you rather follow the well-worn track that leads south-east into the iorest (Eurn to 509)?

=== SECTION 30 | PDF PAGE 19 ===

Beaten back by the Shuck's relentless attacks you find yourself teetering on the edge of the escarpment. The monstrous dog bounds forward to attack once more and you take an involuntary step back. Your heel touches midair and you topple backwards off the cliff The last thing you see before your body is broken upon the jagged rocks below is the slavering face of the demon Shuck. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 31 | PDF PAGE 19 ===

The steady drip, drip, drip of water echoes around the waters of the basir-like chamber you now find yourself in. Formed in a natural hollow in the rocky floor is a wide pool of sharply cold, crystal clear water In the darkness it looks like a black mirror, disturbed only by the occasional droplet of water seeping through from the bedrock above to drip into the pool below. If you want to drink from this natural pool turn to 185. If not, how will you proceed from here? Will you take: Oo The tunnel accessible through a pit-like hole in the cavern floor? Turn to oF The steeply inclined cleft in the wall of the cavern? Turn to 14 The uneven-floored tunnel with an almost triangular entrance? Turn to 142 The winding corkscrew tunnel? Turn to 159 The green crystal-riven passageway? Turn to 70

=== SECTION 32 | PDF PAGE 19 ===

Ulrich bends down beside the crone, curled in a ball in front of you, feeling for a pulse at her throat. A moment later he rises, his head hanging, his chin on his chest. Before he speaks you know what he ls going to say. 'We are too late: she is gane.' You do nol need to ask who the old woman was, either. From the moment you saw the cottage and heard Ulrich utter the name Grandmother you had a fearful premonition that this was the home of the wisewoman Zekova the one person who could help you, and now she is dead, 'There is nothing more we can do here, my friend,' Ulrich says. 'But we can avenge Grandmother Zekova's murder by hunting down her killer!" So you set off into the night once nore, deterrruned to run the insane lunatic to ground and put an end to the nightmare that this ill-fated night has become. You soon find yourselves descending a path strewn with pernicious exposed roots. You become aware of distant yelps and howls. There is a sudden snarling roar behind you and you turn in time to see the monstrous Black Wolf launch itself from the deeper pools of darkness between the trees. But thls time it is Ulrich who tums out to be its target. The creature has fevenge on its mind. You hear a sickening crunch and Ulrich howls in pain as the wolf sinks its teeth into his throat. Then the woodsman lies still, You watch frozen for a moment in disbelieving horror, as the wolf rises from Ulrich's prone [orm and you realise that it is now standing on its hind legs. Only the qeature is a wolf no longer. Its body is shaped more like that of a man, although it is still covered in coarse black fur and has the unmistakeable snout and arrow- tip ears of a wolf. It has become something more than beast and less than human. Lips curling back from its bloodied fangs, the Black Werewolf growls, its bestial voice full of menace, and turns towards you. You have no choice but to fight BLACK WEREWOLF SKILL? STAMINA 3 The beast will not run from this fight and you will not let it. One way or another, this will be a fight to the death. If you prevail, turn to 229

=== SECTION 33 | PDF PAGE 20 ===

As you gaze around the chamber, your vision blun momentarily and then nefocuses, only now everything is suffused with an orange glow. Burning torches hav appeared in cast iron brackets on the walls. That is no the only change; you are no longer alone either. Fivs other people have joined you in the vault. They are each standing a few feel from the edge of the pit facing the gapmg hole. They are chanting the same phrase over and over, esoteric words that mear nothing to you, but words of power nonetheless. They are carrying oul some kind of invocation, the echoe of their chanting oul of time with thelr voices, creating an unsettling resonance that fills the vaulted space None of them appears to be aware of you presence. A they continue their rile, you examine each of the individuals in turn. The first upon whom your gaze falls is an attractive, black-haired woman wilh one eyebrow raised. She wears a revealing, low-cut blach 2) bodice and long velvet skirts. Next around the circle is -) « platinum-haired younger woman with striking 1) aristocratic features, her stim figure hidden beneath yp the drapery of a velvet cape. The third is a monk, only the white skin of his hands and face visible outside his ») heavy-cowled habit. Then there is another woman wearing a midnight-blue gown embroidered with "ar and moons. She wears numerous charms on chains around her neck, suggesting she is an initiate ' | of the magic arts. Finally, there is a tal), raven-haired » man, muscularly built and wearing a garish muffled stun, open to the waist, and a crushed velvet jacket The man's dark hair falls in a Huck mane around his shoulders, a weve of white hair running through it from the middle of his forehead. Each of the people ©& holding something in their hands. The wolfish- »)) looking man holds a shining sword in front of him, its 1) Op resting on the lip of the pit. With one abrupt action ») be hurls the sword mto the hungry black maw of ») Se pit. Each of the others in turn toss the relics of Steir former lives into the pit, their chanting rising im pitch and intensity. Their voices are jomed by a 1) booming bellow, that rises from the depths of the pit and thick shadow-black smoke begins to rise from the darkness below. Something has been summoned from 7 the pit Silence returns, sudden as a clap of thunder, leaving ') only the echo of its passing behind. The light fades ") the gloom retums, and your vision of the vault is gone. Turn to 214

=== SECTION 34 | PDF PAGE 21 ===

In frustration, you hurl a wrought-iron candelabra at Obsidian Mirror, hoping to reveal its secrets that way. The black glass shatters, splintering into a thou- sand razor-sharp shards, as does your own reflection Atthe same moment, your body has received a mulH- tude of horrendous stabbing wounds and you drop to your knees. Gasping in agony, you catch a sliver of Four reflection in an obsidian splinter. There is some- thing increasingly bestial about the expression that snarls back at you. For your rash action you have suffered the Curse of the Mirror. Roll one dice and lose that many STAMINA points. If you are still alive, also add 7 to your CHANGE score. There is nothing left for sou to do here and so you have to re turn to the Map Room and proceed from there. Turn to 321

=== SECTION 35 | PDF PAGE 21 ===

You crouch over the body of the werewolf, lantern in one hand and sword ready in the other. Before your eves the creature undergoes one final transformation You watch appalled as the beast sheds much of its thick black hair and the corpse becomes that of a pale- skinned, wild-haired man, missing his left hand Suddenly aware of a snuffling sound behind you, you forn and come face-to-face with what looks like a fotious prizzly bear. Then you see that it is dressed in the tattered clothes of your woodsman ally. It takes wou 2 moment to realise the terrible bth of what has fappened before the Werebear 18 on you, terrible steel- deeeer claws ready to tear you limb from limb, and in that split second the beast cuffs you with one mighty paw (lose 2 STAMINA points). You have no choice but to fight your ershwhile fend WEREBEAR SKILL§ §STAMINA 10 If the Werebear wounds you three times or more add 1 to your CHANGE score. If you win this battle turn to 200

=== SECTION 36 | PDF PAGE 24 ===

The Countess' servant swoops down on you, seizing your shoulders in its claw-footed grasp. With two strong wing-beats, the Werebat hauls you up into the vault of the dome. When you are some height above the chamber floor, it lets ga of you again. You crash down onto the cold marble with bone-shattering force. Lose 4 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point (unless you have the Quickening special ability, in which case you simply lose 3 stammna points). If you survive the fall, you cannot rest as you must finish your fight with Werebat. If you win, tarn to 68

=== SECTION 37 | PDF PAGE 24 ===

The cottage shudders with a resounding crash as something throws itself at the bolted door. Incredibly the wolves are attacking the cottage, trying to force their way in. You are going to have to help defend Grandmother Zekova's home from the creatures' determined assault There are three ways into the cottage, the door by which you entered and fwo windows. Ulrich, Grand- mother Zekova and you all guard one entrance each Choose who is covering each entrance. Eight wolves will attempt to break into the building. Roll one dice for each wolf, On a roll of 1 or 2 the wolf charges the s00r; ona roll of 3 or 4 it attacks the first window; ona toll of 5 or 6 the creature assaults the second window The door can resist one wolf attack; Uirich will be able & kill Gvo wolves before any of the animals can get past him and into the cottage; Grandmother Zekova «an dispatch one wolf with her trusty frying pan Sefore any others get the better of her. Any wolves hat you must face you fight one ata time, adding one @ your Attack Strength because you are defending a harrow Opening WOLVES SKILL6 STAMINA - £ you win, you will then have to do away with any her wolves that have managed to enter the cottage 7 Once you have dispatched any remaining wolves DP with ihe pack's attack repelled the wizened old wisewoman turns to you, fixing you with her needling @e. 'Tell me again about the creature that attacked you,' she says. If you have a Signet Ring, turn lo 369. If mot, turn bo 426

=== SECTION 38 | PDF PAGE 22 ===

Turning back, you retrace your sbeps through tl tumbledown warren of the ruins. You are within sig! of the spot where you entered the ruins when yc become aware of a skittering, scurrying sound Ire all around you. [ridescent black beetles scuttle acro the packed earth at your feet, while long-bodied cent pedes withe from between the bricks of the wal either side of you. Pale, almost luminous moths fluth down from outol the darkness. The oppressive feelin of an all-pervading evil intensifies as, right there front of you, beetles, moths, centipedes, worms ar spiders emerge from the shadows, scutthng, writhin and crawling over one another to forma swelling pi at your feet. In seconds this mass of gathering verm has become a pulsating mound of disgusting carric creatures, With a sudden upwards thrust the mass iny living things takes on a semi-humanaid form undulating body held together by the will of U malefic presence that lives within these ruins, t Vermin-Host reaches for you with hands drippiz with wriggling mealy bugs and, somewhere wilh the mass of creatures that you Inke to be a face dispusting maw opens, buf makes nosound. The orl thing you can hear is the incessant slithering, shitte ing rattle of the writhing invertebrates. You are poin to have to fight this bizarre manifestation of the ev possessing these ruins VERMIN-HOST SKILL6 STAMINA (see below To work out the YVermin-Host's STAMINA score, TU one dice and add 5; if you rola 6 also add 1 to ils sxi1 score. If you win this battle, the malign sentence i@) = holding the Vermin-Host together loses the power to at maintain a physical form and bursts apart like a ripe uw) boil, spiders, beetles, worms and other wriggling m) things raining down on top of you. But other than for abrief shuddering feeling of revulsion, you suffer no i lasting effects. Turn to 143

=== SECTION 39 | PDF PAGE 22 ===

Tugging the rusted grille free of the culvert opening 7) taking a deep breath, you craw! into the stinking tun- g) nel beyond. You have not gone far when you feel the f tunnel angle downwards dramatically and, without la.) any waming, find yourself slipping on the wet slime nt coating the pipe. Unable to control your descent, you Slide head first down the tunnel into the foetid of darkness beyond, Turn to 194

=== SECTION 40 | PDF PAGE 22 ===

We have a little time before sunset,' Konrad says, 'so "! rest awhile here and enjoy your meal' The headman 5" keeps you company as you gulp down your steaming *) =o bowl of stew. Several things he mentioned have af caught your attention, and there may be other things ¥ on your mind as well, of course. As you finish your "| meal you seize the opportunity to ask Konrad more a about the troubles besetting Strigoiva. Will you ask ' himabout The Headless Highwayman? Turn to 179 TheShuck? Turn to 157 1) Strigoiva's neighbouring settlements? Turn to132 Lt) The Howling? Turn to 109 Ly # Alternatively, if you have the codeword Avnkez recorded on your Adventure Sheet you may choose to Konrad about another matter altogether by turn to 61
