Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 9 of 29

Range: SECTION 117 through SECTION 134



=== SECTION 117 | PDF PAGE 52 ===

to 93)? Making your way between the Lali, sharply pitched buildings, you arrive at the village square, where an impromptu meeting appears to be taking place. The villagers present are all carrying pitchforks, scythes and other objects, which might well be improvised wripons. As soon as they become aware of your Presence, a hush falls over the assembled throng and all eyes fix on you, making you feel incredibly uncom- torlable. A lean, middle-aged man, wilh thinning prey hair and wearing a chain mail-covered leather tunic delaches himself from the crowd and approaches you AD A el ae © 4 == -_ fi Beet ook 48 se --- 1? He holds his hands open to show that he means no il but the scabharded sword buckled to his belt and the steely look in his eyes sugpest this man is not to be fooled with. "Ho, friend," he cails. "We dan't get many strangers visit us in these parts. Where are you from and what can we do for you" How will you answer the man's question? Will you tell him the truth, that you were travelling through the backwoods when you were attacked by a pack of wolves (tum to 57}? Will you tell him that you were travelling from Pritzbad to Saarven when you left the road and became lost in the forest (turn to 145)? Or will you tell hin that you are a wandering sword-for-hire in search of an employer who might appreciate your services turn to 268)?

=== SECTION 118 | PDF PAGE 53 ===

You beckon Archer's assistant to one side. Once she has confirmed that her name is Leisel you tell her how you met her brother Hans at The Gibbet Tree. As you tell her of his heartbroken search for het, in order to bring her home again, she bursts into tears. 'I was too hasty,' she says between sobs. 'I should not have lef home so suddenly. Oh my poor Hans. must re turn to hin, Thank you, stranger, for bringing me news of my brother. May the gods bless you.' You feel the warm glow of a good job well done, and feel that you have achieved something to help repair the broken relation- ships of an unhappy home. Regain 1 Luck point and turn to 167 Convert the letters of the winler elemental's name into numbers, using the code A=1, B=2,C=3 ,., Z=26 Add the numbers together and then turn to the paragraph, which is the same as the total, If the paragraph makes no sense you have got the creature's fame wrong and you are going to have to try a different approach, Will you threaten the creature to let you pass (tum to 228), or will you try something else (harm to 265)?

=== SECTION 119 | PDF PAGE 53 ===

Bravely - or foolishly - you scoop up some of the sludgy green broth in a ladle and raise it to your Lips In one bald action you gulp down its contents. You gasp at the foul taste and it is all you can do to stop your gorge rising. Slowly the potion takes effect. A warming glow spreads throughout your body revitalising every Gbre of your being. You have just swallowed some kind of healing potion. Restore STAMINA points equal to half your Imitval STAMINA score, rounding fractions up, and reduce your CHANGE score by 4 points (noting that it cannot drop below 1 Feeling that there is hope yet for your cause, will Look at the book? Turn lo 4368 ® Leave the kitchen and take the other passageway leading from the entrance hall? Turn to 340 leave and pass through the double doors Lhe top of the grand staircase? Turn to 146 Leo AN US: & Ke ST iy aaa | - -- Bea "el i " ee wh a aoe ee (i ee Wi? 4 SWIG ¥ ti e Ke. hI ) We i 4 VRS ye lO oa ' é i EN . ' Y \ \ an ve aa i i} aan | a

=== SECTION 120 | PDF PAGE 54 ===

In a burst of brilliant blue-white light, lightning is channelled through the various conducting rods and wires to the table, on which lies the scientist's ungodly eation. The part-flesh, part-machine constnuct jolts violently with the unbridled elemental power of the storm coursing through it. And then the violence of the tempest passes, its echo mmbling over the distant fountain peaks. For a moment all is still, the air ' around you hot with the smell of bumt ozone, but the calm is short-lived. With a hiss of steaming pistons and the clank of mechanical joints, the monstrous cTeation staggers to its feet. Its jaw drops open, letting out a ternble moaning wail. 'It's alive!' the scientist shouts with unbridled glee. "Never again will they accuse Professor Arcanum of being a madman!' and then he bursts inte a fit of hysterical laughter. 'And to think, you have had the honour of witnessing my golem's birth." The hulking construct hums to face you and with lumbering, clanking steps advances on you, arms outstretched. You know you must at least atlempt to stop this thing, which should never have been given life at all. The only suitable weapon you might have at your disposal is an Iron Rod. If you have such an object, turn to 77. If not, you are going to have to rely on cold steel once again (tum bo 152

=== SECTION 121 | PDF PAGE 54 ===

Wath all your weight hanging from one hand, as you search for your next footheld, the brick you are holding comes loose. Instinciively you let go and

=== SECTION 122 | PDF PAGE 55 ===

reach for another, but In your haste your clutching fingers slip on the wet mould and finds no purchase Unbalanced, you lose your footing and plunge into the pit. You hit the bottom with a splash, landing in a foot of foul water, among heaps of tumbled stone jarring your shoulder and twisting your lore. (Lose 4 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point.) Painbhully, you pull yourself to your feet. Turn io 227 You find yourself following a slope downwards into a cave, which is little more than a wide tunnel, with bwo further tunnels leading off it. Gold glearns in the dark- ness, a sear of the glittering yellow metal coursing through one wall where it comes to the surface. Lying face down on the ground, beneath the seam of gold, is the body of a Dwarf. From the melted candle fined to his helmet and the pickawe lying at his side, as well as the pack sill on his back, you take the Dwarf to be a prospector. You cautiously crouch down next lo the body and feel fora pulse. The Dwarf is dead, but what kiled him? Then you are the bwo puncture holes in his neck. They look Like those that might have been made by a vampire - or a very large spider. If you want to search the Davarf's body, turn to 266. If nat you will have to leave this dividing of the ways: but which way will you go? Along the narrow crawl-space of an eat? Turn to97 Along a wide areular tunnel? Turn ta 14 Along a stalactite-hung passageway? Turn to 442 taj You notice that the man wears various charms on chains arpund his neck. One of these starts to pulse with a wanm yellow light and he grabs hold of it, a5 if for reassurance. "Just as ] suspected," he says darkly 'the Were is upon you, night creature!' Your feel that a battle is inevitable, and draw your sword in readiness Turn to 465

=== SECTION 123 | PDF PAGE 55 ===

Bidding Grandmother Zekova a hasty farewell, you head into the night once more, Ulrich at your side You are determined to run the insane lunatic to ground and put an end to this living nightmare. It is not hard to mark the wolves' passing. You soon find yourselves descending a path at a stumbling rum, the tail strewn with exposed roots. You become aware of distant yelps and howls. Behind you comes a sudden snarling roar: you turn to see the Black Wolf launch itself from the deep darkness between the trees. But Sus time it is Ulrich who is the target - the creature has revenge on its mind. You hear a sickening cnainch Ulrich howls in pain as the wolf sinks its teeth into his throat. Then the woodsman lies still, You watch, frozen for a moment in disbelieving horror, as the wolf rises from Ulrich's prone form and you realise that it is now standing on its hind legs. Only the creature is a wolf no longer. Its body is shaped more like that of a man, allhough it is sll covered in coarse black fur and has the unmistakeable snout and afrcow-tip ears of a wolf. It has become something

=== SECTION 124 | PDF PAGE 56 ===

more than beast and less than human. Lips curling back from bloodied fangs, the Black Werewolf growls menacingly and turns towards you. You have no BLACK WEREWOLF SKILL'? STAMINA? The beast will not run from this fight and you will not let it, One way or another, this will be a fight to the death, If you prevail, turn to 22g

=== SECTION 125 | PDF PAGE 56 ===

The instant the exposed flame of your lantern touches the hanging cobwebs, the silken strands burst into flame. The fire spreads rapidly taroughout the cham- ber, with the monster trapped at its centre. With the Spider-Queen's blood-chilling screams echoing in your ears, you flee the bejewelled cave. The cavern consumed by Hames, thick black smoke pours into the nebwork of underground tunnels: you will not be able to re-enter the cave now. If you are going to continue searching the caves beneath Sundered Peak, make a note that if you are ever given the option of visiting paragraph 442 you may not choose that path. There are only two exits from this place. Will you follow the tunnel of stalactites (hum to 222) or the stalagrmite tunnel (turn to 405), or will you quit the spider infested caves altogether (turn bo 331}?

=== SECTION 126 | PDF PAGE 56 ===

The footprint of the Tower of Maun is larger than you had at first thought. The main tower keep obviously rises above the more extensive layout of the ground floor. You find kitchens and storage rooms (and man- age to find enough dry goods to make up 3 Meals worth of Provisions) but the mest impressive room is a large banqueting hall. The table, which is set for 30 dinner guests, has been laid for supper -but how long ago? The plales, candlesticks and empty goblets are all covered in the fine gossamer veile of epider- webs You may take a pair of Silver Candlesticks from the Turn to 7 table but there 3s really nothing else of use to you here Mirror, mirror, hear me speak. The Silver Dagger is what I seek.' As soon as you have spoken, the glass in front of you appears to ripple and your reflection fades. Tl is replaced by the image of a finely crafled Silver Dagger, its hilt towards you. (Regain 1 LUCK Add the Silver Dagger to the Equipment List on your Adventure Sheet. You may use the dagger in combat, if vou wish, but because it is not balanced in the same way as your sword, you must fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. However, injuries you cause any créeabure with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to their kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and Demons but in this case will cause the usual 2 TAMINA Certain that you are one step closer to defeating the evil that holds all of Lupravia in its taloned grip, and freeing yourself from the Curse of the Werewolf, you leave the turret room, return toe the Map Room, and pass Hurough the other door. Turn bo 921

=== SECTION 127 | PDF PAGE 56 ===

Mirror, mirror, hear me speak. The Silver Dagger is what I seek.' As soon as you have spoken, the glass in front of you appears to ripple and your reflection fades. Tl is replaced by the image of a finely crafled Silver Dagger, its hilt towards you. (Regain 1 LUCK Add the Silver Dagger to the Equipment List on your Adventure Sheet. You may use the dagger in combat, if vou wish, but because it is not balanced in the same way as your sword, you must fight with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point. However, injuries you cause any créeabure with the word 'Were' in its name will suffer increased damage (3 STAMINA points rather than the usual 2) as the pure metal is inimical to their kind. The Silver Dagger will also harm Undead and Demons but in this case will cause the usual 2 TAMINA Certain that you are one step closer to defeating the evil that holds all of Lupravia in its taloned grip, and freeing yourself from the Curse of the Werewolf, you leave the turret room, return toe the Map Room, and pass Hurough the other door. Turn bo 921

=== SECTION 128 | PDF PAGE 57 ===

Fingertips brush against the fibrous root and then with a burch, you manage to praep hold as you sink another few inches into the pealty morass. It is a slow and tiring process but in the end you manage to pull yourself out of the swamp, until you lie panting for breath on the prassy mourned. As you lie there, feeling strength re turn to your aching limbs, you become aware of a pulsating light close by. Looking up you can see flickering marshlights hovering over the boggy ground, glowing with a scintillating green lumines- cence. The movernent of the bobbing balls of light is hypnotic and you are entranced by the strange darting movements of one in particular. The glowing marsh- light is surging towards you, and is now pulsing a malevolent crimson. You barely have time to get to your feet and unsheathe your sword before the Will- o'-the-Wisp is upon you, intent on feeding off your WILL-O'-THE-WISP SKILL10 STAMINA 6 The magical creature can be harmed by the cold steet of the blade you wield but it fights back with sizzling bolts of energy. Every time it makes a successful hit against you, the malevolent marshlight will cause yOu 3 STAMINA points of damage. If you lall the Will- o-the-Wisp, the unknown forces holding its form together dissipate into the aiz, leaving behind the sharp smell of ozone, as the creahure fizzes away bo nothing. Turn to 342

=== SECTION 129 | PDF PAGE 57 ===

The monk admit you to the Abbey, leading you through the complex of stone buildings to the donni- tory reserved for wandering pilgrims. The monk shows you to a simple pallet bed and then departs. A > «Gnle later another monk -his face hidden by the cow! > of his robe like the first - brings you a bowl of stemuming broth and a cup of clear water. Do you want to eat the food the monk has brought you (turn to 145 > o would you rather eat your own provisions (or nothing at all) before setiimg down for the night (hum to 164 On tiptoe you reach up and run your fingers over the image of Castle Wulfen, as the old witch advised, The castle gates feel slightly raised and, confident that this is the opening mechanism for the secret door, you apply preasure at this point. With a click, a door hidden within the painting of the map of Lupravia - that you would never have been able to find otherwise swings open. Beyond is a narrow stone staircase, Do You want to climb this new staircase (turn to 512) or would you rather leave the Map Room through the door in the far wall (tum to 321)?

=== SECTION 130 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

Taking a deep breath you approach the bar and enquire as lo the cest of a room for the night 'Three pald pieces, half board,' he says, 'one gold piece for just the recom." If you ate willing to pay the 3 Gold Pieces, you find that half board includes a tankard of ale and a coid, spit-roast chicken, which restores up to 4 STAMINA points. IF you only pay for the room you will have to eat one meal's worth of Provisions to restore any energy. Whatever you decide, you may now either retire to your room {tum to 258), or stay in the bar and try speaking to the landierd (tum te 155 the barmaid (hum to 188) or the intense young man turn to 220

=== SECTION 131 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

*Balci lies to the north and further east of here is Maun out that's a good day's journey away. And on the other side of the forest you'll find the town of Vargenhof although word has it that that place too has fallen on hard times.' Now burn bo 395

=== SECTION 132 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

Taking a deep breath you approach the bar and enquire as lo the cest of a room for the night 'Three pald pieces, half board,' he says, 'one gold piece for just the recom." If you ate willing to pay the 3 Gold Pieces, you find that half board includes a tankard of ale and a coid, spit-roast chicken, which restores up to 4 STAMINA points. IF you only pay for the room you will have to eat one meal's worth of Provisions to restore any energy. Whatever you decide, you may now either retire to your room {tum to 258), or stay in the bar and try speaking to the landierd (tum te 155 the barmaid (hum to 188) or the intense young man turn to 220

=== SECTION 133 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

fF you killed the Arch-Lycanthrope with the Wulfen Sword,turn to 464. [Fnot, you do not have the means to stop the demon from resurrecling Count Varcolac and there in no way you will be able to prevail against Werewarg Prince of Lupravia. Your adventure will end here, al the dread claws of the first of the Wullen

=== SECTION 134 | PDF PAGE 58 ===

Step this way,' the sinister Carnivale Mastersays with 2 Bwinkle in his eyes. You toss him 2 Gald Pieces, which Ae catches in his top hat. 'Stay an hour or stay all day,' he chirrups, 'but enjoy your stay, come what may.' Passing beneath the 'Carnivale' banner you explore Fair beyond. There are six different spectacles that <apture your interest. The first is a midnight-blue tent embellished with silver moons and stars, bearing the zanner: 'Madame Zelda - Mistress of Mystery'. The second is a gaudily painted wagon with the legend Hal] of Mirrors' painted on the side. Next comes the ommous sounding 'Cage' and after thal a stall called Archer's Arrows'. Then there is a one-man puppet show, 'Master of Marionettes', which is attracting guile a crowd. Last of all there is a large tent at the centre of the Camivale, which has a threatening pair of glowering eyes and fang-filled open mouth painted on the thick canvas. Outside the drawn back entrance Hap is the sign 'Crookshanks'' Cabinet of Curiosities' Which of these exhibits would you like to visit first? Madame Zelda, Mistress of Mystery? Turn to 149 The Hall of Mirrors Turn to 63 The Cage? Turn to 445 Archer's Arrows? Turn to 104 The puppet show? Turn to 430 Croakshanks' Cabinet of Curiosities? Turn. to 41
