Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 15 of 30

Range: SECTION 251 through SECTION 267



=== SECTION 251 | PDF PAGE 95 ===

Inexplicably, you find yourself drawn towards the demonic howling. Following the wailing lure, you stumble over swampy ground, unmindful of what is happening underfoot. You take another step and abruptly sink to your thigh in the peary mud fomentum carries you forward and soon you are up to your waist in a stinking bog. As the reality of your perilous situation hits home, the power the eerie howling had over you is broken. You twist and turn trving lo get yourself out of the bog before you sink any further. You are already up to your chest when You spy a trailing root protruding from a mound, on which a gnarled bush grows. Trying to free yourself om the clutches of the bog, you lean forward szaining every muscle as you try to reach the cool Roll three dice. If the total rolled is less than or equal fo your STAMINA score, burn lo 128. If the total is greater, turn to Gg

=== SECTION 252 | PDF PAGE 96 ===

And then the monstrous spider-creature is on lop of you and you have no choice but to fight back Trespasser!' she shrieks. 'Step into my parlour, would yout Well now you never leave!' Arming yourself YOu prepare to repel the Spider-Queen's assault ARANAEA THE SPIDER-QUEEN SKILL 10 STAMINA 12 The Spider-Queen has several different methods of attack. Each time Aranaea wins an Attack Round, roll one dice and consult the table belaw to see which attack she uses and the damage it causes Dice Roll Attack and Damage I-2 Barbed talons - lose 2 STAMINA points 3. Leaping attack - you are knocked Lo the ground lose 2 STAMINA points} and spend the nexl Attack Round trapped under the monster fighting with your Attack Strength reduced by 1 point 4 Web-gpit - you suffer ne wounds but cannot defend yourself during the next AHack Round as you struggle to free yourself from the sticky silken strands § Venomous bite-lose q 5TAMINA points 6 Spider-swanm - tiny, red-bodied spiders bursi from blisters on her abdomen. Roll one dice and lose thal many STAMINA Points as the swanming spiders sink their fangs into your flesh. (How- ever, this attack also costs the Spider-Queen 2 STAMINA porns.) If you manage to slay the Spider-Queen, turn to 364

=== SECTION 253 | PDF PAGE 96 ===

You gulp down the thick, green liquid, which leaves a bitter aftertaste in your mouth - but there is worse to come. You can feel your body swelling and changing as the flesh-warping effects of the lycanthropy are exacerbated. (Add 2 pomts to your CHANGE score Perhaps there is another potion on the shelf that can reverse these devastating effects. Do you want to Iry another of the bottled potions (burn to 437) or will you choose not to put your faith in any more of [he mad scientist's concoctions and flee the building (tum 291)?

=== SECTION 254 | PDF PAGE 96 ===

Even as you turn to run you sense the monstrous wolf launch itself into the air behind you. There is a moment of terrible stillness and then the full weight of the creature lands on top of you, sending you sprawling on the ground. You gasp in pain, the breath knocked out of you, as the wolf sinks its cruel teeth into your shoulder and rakes your back with its steel- sharp claws. {Lose 4 STAMINA points You suddenly hear a gruff voice bellowing at the beast to release you, You feel the wolf on top of you tense The pressure of the steel gin-tfrap of its jaws around your shoulder abruptly eases, as your would-be ON ee aaa by her cold, piercing stare. Roll two dice. If the number rolled is less than, or cqua! to, your CHANGE score turn to 10; if itis greater,turn to 52

=== SECTION 255 | PDF PAGE 119 ===

The Tower of Maun, home of the Countess Isolde stands on a blasted escarpment overlooking the village. The sun has already set by the time your reach the lower and you are surprised to find the gatehouse unmanned. Crassing the bridge that spans a chasm in front of the tower, you enter a high-walled courtyard Climbing a broad flight of steps up to a grand entrance, you knock on the large double doors, The doors are opencd by a gaunt-faced man, dressed in the appacel of a servant. You tell him that you are here to seck the help of the Countess and are ushered into a large, circular entrance hall. From there the man- servant lakes you up a polished stone staircase lo the lop of the tower. Finally he leads you inlo a grand high-ceilinged chamber, omately decorated with heavy velvet window drapes of black and red, the dome of its ceiling painted with a zodiacal map of the heavens. At your abrupt arrival, a striking, platinum- haired woman dressed in crimson and black, her skin as while as ivory, cises from a high-backed wouden thu. Her scrawny servant tells her you are here sovking her help. 'Ls that right?' the Countess says approaching you. 'And how can | help you?' You are captivated by her beauty and find yourself transfixed by her cold, piercing stare. Roll two dice. If the number rolled is less than, or cqua! to, your CHANGE score turn to 10; if itis greater,turn to 52

=== SECTION 256 | PDF PAGE 97 ===

Among the clutter and detritus that has been dumped at the base of the windmill, now lying under a thick covering of dust, you find a gleaming Iron Rad polished toa blue-black finish, with a sphere of metal at one end and a gleaming spike atop that. It is a curious piece and you may add if to your Equipment List if you wish. There is nothing else of value so will you settle down to sleep (humm to 299) or climb the wooden staircase to the nexl level (turn to 169)?

=== SECTION 257 | PDF PAGE 97 ===

Three figures appear, picking their way among the Tropes of the tents. They are taken by surprise when suddenly confronted by you. But you don't know who is more shocked, you or they, for you are faced by three surly circus folk. There is the Carnivale fire-caber (his naked torso covered with a tattoo of a serpentine dragon) and the bald-headed, moustach- io¢d strongman, who is leading a hulking, green- skinned ogre by a length of chain attached to a spiked collar. 'We've found them!" the fire-eater gasps You should think about giving yourself up,' the gruff- voiced strongman says, tugging meaningfully on the lumbering ogre's chain, making the barrel-chested brute grunt with annoyance. As he does so, the fire- ealer moves round behind you, blocking off your escape route. Will you give up, as the strongman suggests (turn to 2812), or prepare to take on all three Camivale characters together (turn te 294)?

=== SECTION 258 | PDF PAGE 97 ===

Stifling a yawn you make for the stairs that lead out of the bar and up to the guest-rocoms. As you leave, you hear the Jandlord making his demands of the barmaid finishing with, 'And lay a new fire in the grate daughter.' To which she mutters something undoubt- edly disrespectful in return. Leaving the miserable pair lo their bickering, you head upstairs for bed. The room is sparsely furnished - a small table, a chair and a pallet bed - but you do not care. You feel shattered after your meeting with the phantom Highwayman Not to mention the wearying march. You are asleep from almost the moment your head hits the pillow You wake from a dream (in which you are chasing through the woods barefoot after a stag} due to your bed being shaken. You open your eyes blearily. 'You cannot see anyone else in the chamber with you by the thin shaft of moonlight entering your room bebween the shutters, but there is the sound of wood scraping on wood, as if the furniture is being moved across the bare floorboards. Cautiously, you ease yourself out of the bed, which has stopped shaking and pull your sword from its scabbard. You watch dumbfounded as the table and chair rise into the air in front of you. They hover there for a moment, three feet off the ground, and then suddenly hurl themselves af you. Incredibly, you find yourself fighting for your life against a table and a chair! Fight the two pieces of furniture at the same time SKILL STAMINA TABLE 5 6 CHAIR 6 4 If you win, turn to 72

=== SECTION 259 | PDF PAGE 98 ===

With the day wearing on, the hunting party sets olf in search of the Beast, The men who make up the band are used to the hardships of life in an even harder Jand. They are men of few wards, who value action over rhetoric. Their hounds strain at their chains snarling and slavering, eager to be after their prey A number of veteran trappers guide the party into the forests north of Vargenhof, beyond the scragey pastures where the Beast took its most recent victim You enter the pinewoods under a glowering, overcast sky, and once beneath the overarching branches it is as dark as if dusk has fallen. The path the party takes wends this way and that through the forest, wolf- hounds and mastiffs being loosed to sniff out the quarry. Others among the group assure you that you are following signs left by the Beast of its passing. You with your own heightened lupine senses, however cannot pick up any scent or sign of such a monster anywhere nearby. As dusk really does begin Ic fall, in desperation the hunters split up and spread out in an attempt to find their quarry. Suddenly alone, you stumble on through the encroaching darkness. If you have the Night Creature special ability, bum to 410. If not, Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, bom to 410; if you Unlucky,turn to 489

=== SECTION 260 | PDF PAGE 98 ===

Here,' says the scholar, proffering a steaming flask 'drink this.' You take the flask and sniff at the steam clouding at the brim. You instinctively recoil in disyust. You ask Vereticus what the elixir is made from. "There's a little wolfsbane in there," he offers 'tincture of silver and oil af mistletoe.' You are going to have to hald your nose as you drink, if you are ever to stomach this curicus potion: but are you even certain you want to drink it? Lf you do, turn to 278. If vou politely decline,turn to 193

=== SECTION 261 | PDF PAGE 98 ===

Further on, the passageway bends to the right and epens into a large, low-roofed cavern. On the other side of the cave, another tunnel, similar to the one you have just lef, continues into the darkness that lies beneath the Abbey rock, But behween you and the onward tunnel the floor of the cave is lost beneath a pool of foetid slime, writhing with the bloated white bodies of Giant Maggots. This explains the aggressive attitude of the Giant Flies towards you: the insects were protecting their brood. The stench here is even worse than that of the effluent pipe and you can see nubs of bone picked clean by the hungry magegats. Do you want to risk crossing the maggot-pool to get te the tunnel on the other side (turn to 293), or would you rather retrace your steps to where you entered this stinking underworld and take the other path (burn to 227)? SS eee Se SS_ li Le i ig Fil i F ty - Fs e " Aue a a if fe r i) fi Ba at a ye CSies tal ef | ah. a 1) Ih AS aA at } HA Pal ' a is, Ws neon i Bi i if Hh lj / nal ee |) gan 3 S = > ao ua = = = | i

=== SECTION 262 | PDF PAGE 99 ===

The monks dead, you stumbie into the sanctuary and come upon the heari of the conmplon in this place Sloshing about in a pit cat from between lifted flagstones, and Alled with cloying preen slime, is a tMagpot of a mapritude you would never have imag- ined. The thing must be 2¢ feet long from snout to tail and as you watch it shudders, its iny blind-head end swaying around, sniffing you out, the maggot's moist white body rippling repulsively, Glutnous slime dribbles from the abomination's incessantly working mouthparts. The sickly sweet smell is at its strongest here and makes you gag. It is then that you realise why if is sa familiar to you: it is the stench of decay Surely evil such as this cannot be permitted to live. If you have the word Stoggam written on your Adventure Sheet, turn ito 365. If not, you could deal with the grotesque Abbol-Mageot with cold steel (ham to 426 or, if you know of another means of fighting the maggot, you will also know a particular name. Turn this name into a number using the code A=1, B=2, C=4 --. £=26, add the numbers together and turn to the Paragraph with the same number as the total Alternatively, you could just nin from the monstrous magpot''s presence and the Abbey (turn to 148

=== SECTION 263 | PDF PAGE 99 ===

The cloud of black mist moves across the palatial chamber at speed, until it disappears under a tapestry on lhe far wall. Hurrying alter it, you pull aside the wall-hanging and find a hidden door. Beyond it, ina camped turret chamber, you find the last of the Vampiress' coffins. Throwing back the lid you see the Te-forming body of the undead dominatrix. Without hesilation you plunge your blade into the creature's chesl, penetraling her shrivelled black heart. The Countless' eyelids flick open and an unholy scream escapes from her gaping mouth as she expires. Before your eyes her flesh dissolves into slime and her black- ened skeleton crumbles to dust. You have destroyed the vampiric Countess Isolde and freed the people of Maun from her tyranny. Regain 2 vuck points! With the undead Lady of Maun truly dead al last, do you want to spend ome searching her chambers for treasures (fm bo 325), or de you want to quit this Place of evil as without further delay (ham to 346)?

=== SECTION 264 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

Vampiress' coffins. Throwing back the lid you see the Te-forming body of the undead dominatrix. Without hesilation you plunge your blade into the creature's chesl, penetraling her shrivelled black heart. The Countless' eyelids flick open and an unholy scream escapes from her gaping mouth as she expires. Before your eyes her flesh dissolves into slime and her black- ened skeleton crumbles to dust. You have destroyed the vampiric Countess Isolde and freed the people of Maun from her tyranny. Regain 2 vuck points! With the undead Lady of Maun truly dead al last, do you want to spend ome searching her chambers for treasures (fm bo 325), or de you want to quit this Place of evil as without further delay (ham to 346)?

=== SECTION 265 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

With the Golem nothing mere than a puddle of melting fat, waxy white chunks and cut candlewicks you cross lhe room and examine the ornate looking- glass hanging on the far wall. Close to, you realise that the mirror has been fashioned from black volcanic glass, its ornately wrought frame, burnished gold. As you stare inta the black glass, your own shadow-eyed face stares back al you. An inscription has been etched into the frame. It reads Ifyou wonld any secrets krow And take all l can bestow Take courage now, step forth and speak And tell nec what tb is you seek If you know what it is you should ask for, turn the name into a number using the cede A=1, B=2,C=3 CIC 2=26, and turn to the paragraph which is the same 35 the total you come up with, If the paragraph makes a0 sense the mirrer will not give up its secrets to =ou which leaves you only two aptions. Will you snash the mirror (turn to 34), or leave the turret room rehim to the Map Room and proceed from there (turn = 421)? 4s the curious being darts over the sparkling ground wou desperately fy to wrack your brains for any way wou can passibly think of to rid yourself af the icy scrite, You now need to test one of your abilities =ther by Testing your Skill or Testing your Lick. If you fest your Skiff and are successful, turn to 289. If your Est your Luck and are Lucky, Lurn to 299, If you fail a0 matter which ability you test, in desperation you zall your sword from ils scabbard (turn fo 229

=== SECTION 266 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

Apart from the pick, the dead Dwarf has few posses- sons about his person, which is probably why he =sked prospecting in such a perilous place. However & the miner's pack you find a still-sloppered potion eolttle labelled 'Fortune'. The bottle has one tot left in Drinking the poton will rehirmn your LUCK score to =s Initial level. This is a lucky find indeed! Now you Sst rehurn to 122 to decide which way to ga

=== SECTION 267 | PDF PAGE 100 ===

Dat of the foetid pool, the blade appears to shine. It is 4 magnificent weapon and has not suffered any G3] [J tamishing, despite its resting-place. Turning the blade over you see engraved gothic lellering flash In the lantern light. They spell out a name: 'Wullen'. You have found a powerlul magical weapon. Reslore 1 LUCK point and, for as long as it is your weapon of choice, increase your Attack Strength in battles by 1 point. As well as counting asa magical weapon, which will harm the undead, demons and mazical creatures Wulfen Sword has a charm bound into it, which works against the moon-wroughit powers of were creatures, Injuries you lay against any creature with the word 'Were' in its name, while wielding the Wulfen Sword will cause 3 sramina poinis damage rather than the usual 2. Add the Wulien Sword te your Possessions. Stil marvelling at the magnificent! weapon you hold in your hands, you begin to wonder what else might be lying beneath the surface of the pool, Do you want to extend the search for artefacts turn to 432} or will you climb out of the pit with your wondrous new find (him to 154)?
