Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 5 of 29

Range: SECTION 56 through SECTION 72



=== SECTION 56 | PDF PAGE 29 ===

The Tower of Maun, forbidding fortified domain of Countess Isolde, stands on a blasted escarpment overlooking the village, which appears almost to sower under its ever-present shadow. The sun has already set by the time you reach the tower and you are surprised to find the gatehouse unmanned However, something makes you feel uneasy, goose- flesh rising on your arms and the hairs on the back of Your neck standing on end. Crossing the bridge - which spans a chasme-rift in the cliff in front of the 'wer - unhindered, you enter the high-walled court- yard that stands beneath the looming tower, The Sudden snarling that greets you makes you start but is not entirely unexpected. Two large, lean and hungry- looking dogs bound out of the gathering shadows halting a few feet from you. The animals are wearing heavy spiked iron collars, their fur matted with dried blood. The dogs fix you with red-eyed stares, their Eps curling back threateningly, revealing horribly elongated canine teeth. There is something evil and other-worldly about these creatures: in the next moment they bound forward to attack. If you have the Gail of the Wild special ability and wish to use it now turn to 71. If not, you will have to meet the dogs' dreadful teeth and claws with the keen edge of your First FANG HOUND 7 6 Second FANG HOUND é 7 you win your battle with the bloodthirsty dogs, you furning to 102). However, before you do so, if the Sattle lasts longer than six Attack Rounds, add 1 to your ALARM score, Also, if you suffer more than three wounds add 1 lo your CHANGE score 5? And it was then that the wolves attacked,' you explain, coming to the end of your story. Their leader was a monstrous black beast the like of which I have never seen before, nor do [ wish to again, for it bit me here," you add pointing to your shoulder. Without even a by your leave, the man suddenly rips open your hunic to see the walf-bite for himself. He gasps in horror and recoils. Glancing sideways, you cannot contain your own appalled cry of disgust as you see the skin surrounding the spot where the Black Wolf bit you now bristling with black hair. (Add 1 CHANGE Get away from here! the villager demands, his stern voice edged with wavering fear. "Leave Strigoiva now and never return!' Will you do as [he man says (tum le 202), or will you try to explain that you are as much the victim as anyone, considering the circumstances, and try to persuade him thal you mean him and the other villagers no harm (turn to 246)? 4s you tug on the rope, a bell rings somewhere inside the complex. When several minutes have passed and nothing has happened, you try again. This hme the slap of sandals on stone approaches the door from the other side, there is the rattle and grate of bolts being drawn back, and then the creak of hinges as the door opens. A black-rmobed monk stands there, his face cutirely hidden by the cowl he wears. 'Well met taveller," the monk says. 'What brings you to the Abbey of the Black Monks this night?' How will you reply? Will you Tell the monk that you are a lone traveller in need of shelter for the night? Turn to 129 Admit that you are travelling the land seeking a cure for the lycanthropy you have contracted? Turn to 75 This way,' the beggar says as you follow him into the alleyway. He scampers away from you along the harrow space between close buildings. AE the end of

=== SECTION 57 | PDF PAGE 30 ===

the alley he sweeps aside a ragged piece of sackcloth to reveal a grate. He yanks this open and drops dawn mlo the darkness beneath, 'Come on," he calls from Below. The unearthly growling is nearing the end of

=== SECTION 58 | PDF PAGE 30 ===

the alleyway, so you drop through the hole after the old man, pulling the grate shut above you This way,' the beggar calls and trots away along the stinking sewer tunnel you find yourselfin. Seeing that vou have little option other than to keep alter him, as ica you travel through the sewer, bent almost double, you ask, "Where are we going? How much further is it?' This should be far enough, the man chuckles and tums to face you. As he does so, you see that his body ischanging shape. His face stretches intoa pronounced snout, his ears stretch to points, fingers and toes become talons and claws, and a hairless tail exirudes from the base of his spine, Your supposed saviour was just after you for himself, With a shrieking cry, almost like a furious squeaking, the Wererat attacks WERERAT SKILL8 STAMINA6 If the Wererat wounds you more than twice add 1 to YOUur CHANGE score, If you defeat it, you see greying sky through another grilled opening above you Climbing rusted rungs to this grate you push it open and assess where you are now. Turn to 4go

=== SECTION 59 | PDF PAGE 30 ===

This way,' the beggar says as you follow him into the alleyway. He scampers away from you along the harrow space between close buildings. AE the end of the alley he sweeps aside a ragged piece of sackcloth to reveal a grate. He yanks this open and drops dawn mlo the darkness beneath, 'Come on," he calls from Below. The unearthly growling is nearing the end of the alleyway, so you drop through the hole after the old man, pulling the grate shut above you This way,' the beggar calls and trots away along the stinking sewer tunnel you find yourselfin. Seeing that vou have little option other than to keep alter him, as ica you travel through the sewer, bent almost double, you ask, "Where are we going? How much further is it?' This should be far enough, the man chuckles and tums to face you. As he does so, you see that his body ischanging shape. His face stretches intoa pronounced snout, his ears stretch to points, fingers and toes become talons and claws, and a hairless tail exirudes from the base of his spine, Your supposed saviour was just after you for himself, With a shrieking cry, almost like a furious squeaking, the Wererat attacks WERERAT SKILL8 STAMINA6 If the Wererat wounds you more than twice add 1 to YOUur CHANGE score, If you defeat it, you see greying sky through another grilled opening above you Climbing rusted rungs to this grate you push it open and assess where you are now. Turn to 4go

=== SECTION 60 | PDF PAGE 31 ===

Despite all your exertions over the last day you push your body into a sprint. Leg muscles burning in protest, you hare along the road, fatigue giving way to an adrenalin-fuelled burst of speed. But you can still hear the hooves pounding after you, getting closer all the time, and the desperate panting of the horse joined by the maniacal laughter of its rider. Then the racing phantom horse is next to you and the rider kicks oul with a heavy booted heel, planting it squarely in the middle of your back You are sent sprawling on the hard-packed earth of the road and cul your leg open on an exposed flint. (Lose 2 STAMINA points.} The ghostly rider races away ahead of you down the road and then is gone, like mist on the night- breeze, the echo of maniacal laughter lingering for a moment after the apparition has vanished. Picking yourself up, you hobble the last hundred yards to the coaching inn. Turn to 6

=== SECTION 61 | PDF PAGE 31 ===

Considering the startling stories Grandmother Zekova J old you, will you ask the headman if he knows The House of Wulfen and Mad Prince Garoul? Turn to 284 the village of Wulfenstein? Turn to 318 Werewolves maming the countryside? Turn to 339

=== SECTION 62 | PDF PAGE 31 ===

Revealed as the Werebeast at last, Burgomaster Straub undergoes a terrifying transformation. His clothes are shredded as his metamorphosing body swells beyond all reckoning. The Burgomaster must have had his clothes hidden close by so that when you and Katya pursued him back to Vargenhof he just had time to dothe himself so as not to arouse any further SUSPi- cons. Butnow, his terrible, murderous secret revealed Werebeast of Varpenhof has nothing to lose and everything to gain, if he can escape. Ignoring you, the monster bats the Burgomaster's fellow townsmen aside in its bid for freedom. Fighting its way through the startled, screaming onlookers, the Werebeast bursts from the meeting hall with you in hot pursuit Running onall fours, the hulking Beast easily outpaces you. It flees into the night along the road that leads further north and east into the Orsov Mountains There is the clatter of iron-shod hooves and banded wheels on cobbles, the rattle of hamess, the sharp whinny of horses, and then Katya is next lo you reir ing in two horses pulling a requisitioned stagecoach behind them. 'Quickly, get on board!' she shouts. You stand there staring at her in dumbfounded amaze- Tent, 'It's the only way we have any chance of catel- ing up with thal monster and bringing Burgomaster Straub to justice!' Hi-yah!' Katya shouts as she cracks the reins, and the stagecoach flies out of the town gates. The moon is nsing, icy-white beyond the mountains. Katya urges the horses onwards along the road that leads from Vargenhof to the furthest inhabited point in all Lupravia - Wulfenstein. Towering dark pines press ir from either side of the road and you find yoursell seized by doubt. When you left Vargenhof you and Were-hunter had been chasing down the Were beast but now you are out in the wilds, you get the feeling that the tables have been hurned, as myriad red j c- > 2. nied "eyes appear between the trees to your left. The wolves "ee running again: the hunters have become the anted. Behind the pack you can see the black shape of the Werebeast as it runs with the wolves, guiding bbem towards their larget - the stagecoach! A fork in the road appears, curving sharply away to = right. Will you urge Katya to take this diversion um to 48) or will you Jet her keep to her current Surse along the main highway (turn to 166}?

=== SECTION 63 | PDF PAGE 32 ===

She Hall of Mirrors isn't very impressive: it's not very Sree for a start, and seeing yourself morphed to be aller and thinner, or shorter and fatter, than you really i) are can only be so funny for so long. The longer you =>d yourself staring at the distorting, mirrors the =ore uncomfortable you begin to feel, until you Secome paranoid that others can see you for how you Suly are. The claustrophobic confines created by the mirrors is also starting to get to you. Roll two dice. If 7 fe talal rolled is less than or equal te your CHANGE are,turn to g2. [Fit is greater, burn lo 7a

=== SECTION 64 | PDF PAGE 32 ===

The wordless voice speaks to you in a language that Seething deep inside you understands, and that Sew entity awakening within you responds to its call 46 if ina dream, you approach the reedly bank of the pool and without a moment's hesitation dive head- fong into its reed-choked depths. In the dark waters of the pool, you can stil] see the way forward thanks te

=== SECTION 65 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

an eerie, ali-pervading emerald luminescence. Then is magic at work here, a primal magic that speaks t you of the wild, untamed places of the world. Frond of water-weed sway before you, but you brush pas them as you swim deeper and deeper, on towards thi source of the mournful singing, which you can stl hear despite being far beneath the surface of the poo! And then, between the spiralling fronds, you see then - three beautiful maidens, their long green hai streaming out around them like pondweed ane veiling their fish-white nakedness. The dirge of th Daughters of the Drowned fills you with a heart rending pity that is hard to resist. Test your Skill adding 2 to the total rolled. If you succeed, turn to 388 but if you fail,turn to 213 Armed and with your ire up, you leap at the cantan kerous old witch who shrieks while trying to strik you with her crackling wand CRONE SKILL6 STAMINA If the witch manages to hit you, by winning an Attad Round, roll one dice and consult the table below to se 1-2 Lose 2 STAMINA points 4-4 Lose 3 STAMINA points 5 Lose 2 STAMINA points and 1 SKILL point 6 Lose 2 STAMINA points, 1 LUCK pointand add 1 to your CHANGE score Mf you reduce the witch's sraMIna score to 2 points or y | less, turn to 359

=== SECTION 66 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

Feeling the familiar, reassuring weight of the blade in ') your hand, you take deep, measured breaths to calm -) yourself, and prepare to meet the beast's attack, With 2snarl, the creature is on you BLACK WOLF SKILL& = STAMINAG After two further Attack Rounds, or if you reduce the 7 "Black Wolf's stasamna to 7 or less, whichever comes S0oner, Turn at orice to 271 *u toss the dagger across the chamber, where it =2tters to the ground at the monster's feet. 'My pretty Frecious,' she coos. 'My silvery darling, my shining Sparpness.' As the spidercreature hisses over the Seger you have time to act while she is distracted St Gre to her webs (if you have a lantern > ingood working order}? Turn to 125 arn tail and mun for it? Turn to 498 Sharge the spider-monster with weapon in hand? Turn to 242

=== SECTION 67 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

*u toss the dagger across the chamber, where it =2tters to the ground at the monster's feet. 'My pretty Frecious,' she coos. 'My silvery darling, my shining Sparpness.' As the spidercreature hisses over the Seger you have time to act while she is distracted St Gre to her webs (if you have a lantern > ingood working order}? Turn to 125 arn tail and mun for it? Turn to 498 Sharge the spider-monster with weapon in hand? Turn to 242

=== SECTION 68 | PDF PAGE 33 ===

== shape-shifting servant dead, with a banshee Steam the Countess throws herself at you, claws and femgs revealed, The deceptive mask of apparently Pi i, ! V i % iD is | G "on hee 2 NV iy \o rates if (e \ ic} ty) | 4 | Dy) i P\ ae E amt & i' (fe! 'a a a ek ae in S iW \ Sel \) LD hy

=== SECTION 69 | PDF PAGE 34 ===

alluring beauty is gone, with the Lady of Maun revealed now in her true bat-like undead form. You are going to have to defend yourself. If you have a Silver Cross and want to use it, or a Pair of Silver Candlesticks with which you can improvise,turn to 347. Li net, bun bo 144

=== SECTION 70 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The tunnel that lies beyond the cave entrance winds f its way up inside the peak. When the daylight thal seeps in from outside is but the merest glimmer, you emerge from the twisting passageway and step down into a broad, low-ceilinged gallery. Not including the tunnel you entered by, there are four further tunnel leading to elsewhere within the cave network. The rough walls of each is shot through with differen coloured seams of quartz crystals. (While you are exploring the cave network inside the Sundered Peak make a careful note of the paragraph number of each new caver you enter. If you find yourself retuming to somewhere you have already been, unless you are specifically told otherwise, you may skip the encounter described at that paragraph and go straigh? lo the exit options listed at the end}. Which way do you want to go now? The white quartz funnel? Turn tog The blue crystal passageway? Turn to 415 The green crystal path? Tumi to 31 The narrower yellow crystal tunnel? Turn to 159 The wider tunnel with the rumour of daylight at its end? Turn to 331

=== SECTION 71 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The howl rises from deep inside your chest and rever- berates around the walls of the courtyard. Hearing the sound, the Fang Hounds break off their attack and run whimpering back to their den beneath the walls. U you have the codeword Netheir written on yous Adventure Sheet, turn to 89. If not, you are able to -) = approach the tower unhindered (turn to 102

=== SECTION 72 | PDF PAGE 35 ===

The table and chair clatter to the floor, now just chopped firewood. You freaze, your heart racing, your breathing shallow. Someone must have heard the fight and you remain exactly where you are, half- expecting the landlord to burst m at any moment. But noonecomes, With the poltergeist activity apparently done with, you try to settle down again. As you lie awake, unable to sleep, thanks to the adrenalin still > coursing through your system, you hear the sound of door opening followed by the creak of floorboards " as somebody makes their way down the corridor lo 7 the stairs. But who would be moving argund the inn > in the middle of the night? Will you satisfy your = curiosity and investigate further (turn to 429), or will you stay where you are for the rest of the night (urn toraji
