Howl of the Werewolf

Proofreading chunk 24 of 29

Range: SECTION 418 through SECTION 434



=== SECTION 418 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Eventually you make it to the main compound and enler the farmyard. Two buildings of note stand here the farmhouse itself and a large, shingle-roofed barn Where will you shelter from the downpour: the farmhouse {turn to 324} or the barn (burn to 215)?

=== SECTION 419 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Then I fee] that this is where our paths must part again,' Van Richten says, obviously annoyed and disappointed, and stalks off again into the night. You feel that perhaps you have made an error ofjudgement in letting the Vampire Hunter down, giving in to the darker side of your personality, which is becoming stronger all the time. (Lose 1 Luck point and add i to YOU CHANGE score.) You spend the rest of the night in fitful sleep, and in the grey haze of morning are on your way again. Turn to 250

=== SECTION 420 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

Eventually you make it to the main compound and enler the farmyard. Two buildings of note stand here the farmhouse itself and a large, shingle-roofed barn Where will you shelter from the downpour: the farmhouse {turn to 324} or the barn (burn to 215)?

=== SECTION 421 | PDF PAGE 156 ===

The corridor ends at a door of mouldering green planks, which opens into a square room reeking of damp. Strings of fibrous plant srowths hang from the - geiling. The floor of the dank chamber is covered with al] manner of fungi. Large yellow puffballs grow against broad-capped white toadstools and bulbous grey mushrooms. There is not a square inch of floor that is not covered. On the other side of the room is another door. To get to it you are going to have to cross across the carpet of fungi. Will you Run actoss the chamber? Turn to 446 Creep carehilly across the fingusroom? Turn to 4&1 Re turn to the last junction and go the other way? Turn to a8

=== SECTION 422 | PDF PAGE 157 ===

With cries of, 'Mathter! Mathler!' the Hunchback lopes away upa second flight of stairs to the top of the tower. You know now that there is something sinister afoot here and so you waste no ime in pursuing Igor You arrive out of breath in what can only be described as a mad scientist's laboratory. The space at the top af the lower is crammed full of all manner of curious pieces of equipment and mechanical contraptions There are spinning globes that crackle with the stahe charge of the stonm raping outside and glass-cased gauges, the needles within them quivering around the danger line. Thick bundles of copper wire descend from the topmost part of the windmill and connect all the various pieces of equipment toa tilted metal table on which rests one of the most bizarre and monstrous things you have ever seen. It is at least half the height again of a man and almost as broad across. It appears to be made from slabs of dead grey flesh crudely sewn

=== SECTION 423 | PDF PAGE 157 ===

together and yet, in places, mussing organic parts have been replaced with mechanical apparatus. Around its ugly head is a band of metal secured with anumber of unsubtle bolts, Standing next to a bank of steel levers is a tall man wearing a long, once-white lab-coat, his eyes hidden behind thick-lensed goggles. Cowering behind him is the hunchback. "Welcome," the tall man says, the excited tone of his voice suggesting bo you that he is totally unhinged. "You are here just in time to witness the creation of a new form of life!' Thunder rolls ominously across the sky and lightning flashes around the top of the windmill, as if having waited for the most dramatic moment to do so. Before you can do anything to stop him, the crazed scientist throws a lever just as lighting strikes the top of the tower itself. Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 120. 1f you are Unlucky, turn to 454 #73 in the presence of the Arch-Lycanthrope himself, you are unable to contain the beast within you any longer You give voice to an agonising howl as your body contorts - benes reshaping, muscles and internal organs realigning, the furry hide of the wolf ripping through your skin - until you are no longer human but instead utterly animal. Count Varcolac offers his hand and, rather than bite it, you lick it with your rough wolf's tongue paying your new master homage That's right,' he purrs, 'you are mine now, my pet.' Totally under the Count's contral you will join his pack and run with the other wolves, when the moon & full, preying on the weak. Your adventure is over lamiescmeccecn Gl -- @ -

=== SECTION 424 | PDF PAGE 158 ===

You sniff the liquid but can still find nothing to suggest that it is anything other than water and so you swallow a large mouthful. Starting in your stomach, a warm prickling sensation spreads throughout your body. You can feet it revitalising you as it spreads to Lips of your fingers and the very roots of the hair on your head. You have just drunk an Elixir of Life Restore your STAMINA, SKILL anid LUCK scores to their Initial levels! The elbar also does something te combat your steadily worsening |ycanthropy; reduce your CHANGE score by 2 points. Feeling reinvigorated and ready to face anything, you turn from the altar and start walking down the aisle. But rewards such as those that you have just received come at a price in the lair of one of the aristocracy of the night The first warning you have that anything is wrong is when a shuddering vibration fills the chapel, which puts painful pressure on your eardrums. The panes of the stained-glass windows rattling behind you, you turn to see the knight's window coming apart at its leaded seams - only now it shows the wamior, stand- ing over the body of the slain priest, sword bloodied You watch as the painted segments making up the knight pull free of the window and descend in front of you, maintaining the shape of the priest's murderer in the air in front of you. The corruption that has taken Toot within the Tower of Maun has desecrated even this once sanctified refuge. The knight's glass sword looks painfully sharp, as the chapel's guardian swings it about threateningly, determined not to let you GLASS KNIGHT SKILLQ STAMINA? If you are fighting the knight with a mace, when you win an Attack Round roll one dice. If you roll a 6, the entirety of the knight's glass bedy shatters under your blow, destroying it in one [elk swoop. If you win Ine battle you are able to exit the chapel without further obstructions, Add 1 to your ALARM score and #5 The priest's expression relaxes and he apens his eyes apain. "I sense only poodness and a time heart," he aays, smiling. He introduces himself as Corran, the guardian of the spring that was first brought forth from the ground by the blessed saint. 'And you are warthy to partake of its holy healing gift,' he says Corran leads you out of the warming room to a spiral stone staircase that winds down into the earth, leading you beneath Fenmeor. At the bottom, in a dreular stone-walled chamber lit by smoking wall sconces stands the well of Saint Crucius, Corran draws a bucket of clear water from the well and decants some into a golden chalice that stands at its lip. 'Here,' he says, offering you the cup, 'drink, and may the saint's blessings pour down upon you.' Reverently you accept the chalice and gulp down its content As soon as the liquid reaches your stomach, you grip your belly im agony, teeti clenched and tears streant- ing fom your eyes. The water that comes from

=== SECTION 425 | PDF PAGE 159 ===

The priest's expression relaxes and he apens his eyes apain. "I sense only poodness and a time heart," he aays, smiling. He introduces himself as Corran, the guardian of the spring that was first brought forth from the ground by the blessed saint. 'And you are warthy to partake of its holy healing gift,' he says Corran leads you out of the warming room to a spiral stone staircase that winds down into the earth, leading you beneath Fenmeor. At the bottom, in a dreular stone-walled chamber lit by smoking wall sconces stands the well of Saint Crucius, Corran draws a bucket of clear water from the well and decants some into a golden chalice that stands at its lip. 'Here,' he says, offering you the cup, 'drink, and may the saint's blessings pour down upon you.' Reverently you accept the chalice and gulp down its content As soon as the liquid reaches your stomach, you grip your belly im agony, teeti clenched and tears streant- ing fom your eyes. The water that comes from Crudus' well has been blessed by the saint, which makes it holy water, and holy water is inimical to your kind. There is no escaping the fact that you are now well on your way to becoming a creature of the night Lose 2 sTAmmNa points.) Thankfully the knot of agony become aware of another feeling inside you. The eases and, as the overwhelming pain passes, you waters of the healing well have slowed the spread of the lycanthropic infection riddling your body. Roll ane dice, divide by 2 (rounding fractions up) and then add 1; this is how many points you should reduce YOUr CHANGE score by (but make a note that it cannot drop below 1). Regain 1 LUCK point boo. Corran fixes you with a suspicious Icok, 'I have never seen the blessed waters affect anyone in that way before,' he says. IE you have the codeword Nomed wriiten down on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 455. [f not, turn to 484

=== SECTION 426 | PDF PAGE 159 ===

makes it holy water, and holy water is inimical to your kind. There is no escaping the fact that you are now well on your way to becoming a creature of the night Lose 2 sTAmmNa points.) Thankfully the knot of agony become aware of another feeling inside you. The eases and, as the overwhelming pain passes, you waters of the healing well have slowed the spread of the lycanthropic infection riddling your body. Roll ane dice, divide by 2 (rounding fractions up) and then add 1; this is how many points you should reduce YOUr CHANGE score by (but make a note that it cannot drop below 1). Regain 1 LUCK point boo. Corran fixes you with a suspicious Icok, 'I have never seen the blessed waters affect anyone in that way before,' he says. IE you have the codeword Nomed wriiten down on your Adventure Sheet, turn to 455. [f not, turn to 484 Despite its massive size and ungainly bulk, the maggot is able to move surprisingly quickly The creatute is a truly horrific corruption of nature. How- ever, more horrifying than its grisly nature is the fact that the creature you are fighting was once the Abbot of the Black Monks, now changed beyond all recop- nition, That said, it is not the most cunning of killers and so shouldn't prove too much of a challenge to an accomplished warrior such as yourself MAGGOT SKILLG STAMINA 16 The maggot will attempt to bite you with its perpet- ually mashing mandibles. If it wounds you, moll one Le dice. On a roll of 6, rather than bite you, the maggot will spit acidic slime at you, causing 3 STAMINA points damage. If you kill the Abbotabomination, turn to 114

=== SECTION 427 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Fiend,' you say, but the man's aim does not waver his eyes narrowing, in case you should try anything Roll two dice. If the total is less than or equal to your CHANGE score, turn to 123. If the total rolled is greater fur bo 50K

=== SECTION 428 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Opening the door, you enter Castle Wulfen's extensive library. Row after row of bookcases groan under the weight of innumerable dusty tomes. Within this great repository of knowledge, one book has been given pride of place, lying on a lectern carved to resemble a dragon. The book is bound in black leather and bears the title On the Conjuration and Banishment! of Demons The air around the book seems suffused with a grim malfeasance and you are sure it is colder at this spoL If you dare to open this forbidding book to see what aid it can offer you, turn to 100. If you would rather leave well enough alone, you vacate the library and take either the door that is now to your left (tum to 496), or the one directly ahead of you (tum to 310

=== SECTION 429 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

Peering around the door jamb, and seeing no one outside in the corridor, you set off towards the stairs As you creep along the darkened corridor you pass 43° another door which stands slightly ajar, the room beyond lit by the soft yellow light of a puttezing candle. Perhaps this is the room that the mystery midnight wanderer vacated. Glancing through the open door you see an empty unmade bed, a rickely bedside table, on which stands the dripping candle and a large wooden chest against one wall. The room appears to be empty so will you enter and explore fur- ther (turn to 449) or will you continue after whoever it was who just left this chamber (turn to 224)?

=== SECTION 430 | PDF PAGE 160 ===

You while away a quarter of an hour watching the Puppetmaster af work. On the small stage of his booth a brave knight battles a despicable wizard, conquering his monstrous dragon te rescue a beautiful princess and free the kingdom from an evil enchantment. It is a4 traditional tale that has been told a thousand times over but you find this particular performance capti- Vating, almost as if you were under a spell yourself This is in part due to the lifelike qualities of the tiny Marionettes and their naturalistic movements. You have been amazed by the puppet show, but you have also been slightly unnerved by it. (Make sure that the codeword Eguaris is writen down on your Adventure Sheet.) Leaving an equally engrossed crowd still enjoy- ing the show, you move on through the fayre. Turn to 167. a

=== SECTION 431 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

You kick out with you feet to re turn to the languidly rippling surface but go nowhere. You can feel a vice- like grip around your ankle. Looking down through the murky water you see that your foot has become caught in the trap of a human ribcage lying among the tethering weeds. You kick out again, lungs fit to burst but sill canmot free yourself, You then take your sword to the skeletal snare but the more you hack at the ribcage, twisting and turning in the soupy green water, the more you become entangled in the pemu- cious water-weed yoursell. Eventually you can hold your breath no longer and, involuntarily gasping {for air, you suck in great lungfuls of foetid water. The Water-Wyrd may not have claimed you for its supper but the Drowning Pool has won itself another victim nonetheless. Your adventure is over

=== SECTION 432 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

Keeping a watchful eye on the ichor-clouded water where the horror's body sank -just in case- you wade through the pool looking for anything else of value that mieht be lying forgotten beneath the surface And, incredibly, you do find several other treasures There is a Silver Mirror, an Ebon Wand, a Bloodstone Amulet and a Garnet Ring. (lf you decide to lake ant of these objects, add them to your Adventure Sheet Now you are ready to leave, but the abomination lurking in this place is not prepared to let you. All the while you have been searching its waterlogged lait the horror's unnatural physiology has begun to regenerate. You are about to start climbing the stone shaft when a slime-slick, regenerating teritacle coils out of the murky water and wraps itself around your ankle, pulling you back towards the centre of the pool Sword in hand you hack at the suckered pseudopod REGENERATING TENTACLE skILL7 sTAMENA4 If you defeat the tentacle, you recommence scaling the pit-shaft before any more of the monster can fegenerate. Turn to 154

=== SECTION 433 | PDF PAGE 161 ===

The passageway opens out into a much larger, caver- nous space. A distinctive mammalian smell hangs in the still, moist air of the cave. Lying against a congre- gation of limestone stalagmites is the body of a wolf only now it is little more than a husk of skin and bones. Surely this can't be the Beast you are hunting It looks, and smells, like it has been lying hear for some time, all fluid having been drained from the carcass. Then you hear the skittering, scratching sound of something moving across the cave towards you. Creeping down the vertical wall of the cave is a huge spider. Its body alone is at least five feet in length, the spread of its legs more than double that As if the size of the monstrous arachnid were not horrendous enough, its head is some grotesque amalgam of wolf and spider, a long muzzle forced out of shape by huge mandibles. Making a sound that is halfway between a hiss and a growl, the mutated Giant Wolf Spider launches its attack GIANT WOLF SPIDER SKILL§ STAMINA7

=== SECTION 434 | PDF PAGE 162 ===

If you slay the lupine arachnid, there is nothing for - you here so you have no other choice than to leave the - rocky chamber, Will you take 4, funnel with an obvious seam of black atone? Turn to 368 4, sandy-floored tunnel? Turn to 207 Asubterranean tunnel leading under one wall? Turn to 405 Amusky-smelling tunnel? Tarn tog Konrad is unable to hide his disappointment at your refusal. Well if that's how you feel,' he says obviously disgruntled, 'then you won't mind paying for that meal.' He rises abruptly and points at the bow! in front of you, before storming out of the inn. You fee! ! obliged to pay for the meal you have just consumed and, as dusk is already falling outside The Suckling - Pig, you decide to pay for a room for the night as well Deduct a total of 3 Gold Pieces from your Adventure You spend a fitful night sleeping an a lumpy, Lice ridden mattress in a cold room, keptawake by an eerie howling that echoes from somewhere beyond the © edge of the village, seemingly calling to something in your bleod. (Add 1 CHaNGE point.) You eventually fall asleep as dawn is breaking. When you wake you decent rest. Leaving Strigoiva, will you follow the discover itis already past noon, and you feel no better for having paid for what you had hoped would be a Toad to the north (turn to 16¢) or the east (tur to 478 or will you take the less well-travelled track into the forest, the scrubby outskirts of which lie a mile or so tothe north-east of the village (turn to 8)?
