INTRODUCTION
Before embarking on this adventure, you must first
determine your strengths and weaknesses, You use
dice to determine your initial SKILL, STAMINA
LUCK and FAITH scores. On pages 18-19 there is an
Adventure Sheet which you may use to record the
details of your adventure. On it you will find boxes
for recording your SKILL, STAMINA, LUCK and
FAITH scores
You are advised either to record your scores on the
Adventure Sheet in pencil or to make photocopies of
the page for use in future attempts to complete this
adventure
Skill, Stamina, Luck and Faith
Roll one die. Add 6 to this number and enter this
total in the SKILL box on the Adventure Sheet (so this
score will be between 7 and 12
Roll two dice. Add 12 to the number rolled and enter
this total in the STAMINA box on the Adventure Sheet
so this score will lie between 14 and 24
Roll one die. Add 6 to this number and enter this
total in the LUCK box on the Adventure Sheet (this
score will be between 7 and 12
Roll one die. Add 3 to this number and enter the
'
a aca a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

total in the FAITH box on the Adventure Sheet (so that
this score will be between 4 and 9
For reasons that will be explained below, SKILL
STAMINA and LUCK scores change constantly dur-
ing the adventure, and FAITH may change too. You
must keep an accurate record of these scores and of
the changes to them: for this reason you are advised
either to write small in the boxes or to keep an eraser
handy. But never rub out your Initial scores
Although you may be awarded additional SKILL
STAMINA and LUCK points, these additions cannot
raise any score above its Initial figure, except on rare
occasions when you will be instructed accordingly
in a particular paragraph. FAITH can be raised above
its Initial score if you encounter events or magic
items which increase FAITH. These situations are
explained in the relevant paragraphs
Your SKILL score reflects your swordsmanship and
general fighting expertise; the higher the better
Your STAMINA score reflects your general constitu-
tion, your will to survive, your determination and
overall fitness, and your ability to take blows in
battle; the higher your sraMina score, the longer
you will be able to survive. Your LUCK score indi-
cates how naturally lucky a person you are. Luck -
and magic - are facts of life in the exciting fantasy
world you are about to explore! Your FAITH score
indicates your purity of heart and the strength of
your belief in the forces of good. A high FAITH score
enables you to force certain evil creatures to flee
from you when they sense and fear your valour; but
8
Ee oe
it also means that they are more likely to notice you
and be hostile towards you! You will learn more
about the importance of your FAITH as you under-
take the adventure in store for you
Magic
During your adventure you may find some magic
items, although at first you may not realize that they
are magic nor even be sure what they do! Such items
may - rarely - give you the ability to cast a magic
spell; if you find such an item, you will be instructed
in its use in a particular paragraph. To begin with
however, you are not a mage but a brave warrior
and you must overcome your enemies by your wits
and courage and the use of your sword!
Battles
You will often come across paragraphs in the book
which instruct you to fight a creature of some sort
An option to flee may be given, but if not - or if you
choose to attack the creature anyway - you must
resolve the battle as described below
First record the opponent's SKILL and STAMINA
scores in the first vacant Monster Encounter Box on
your Adventure Sheet. The scores for each creature
are given every time you have an encounter. The
sequence for combat is then
1. Roll two dice for the opponent. Add its SKILL
score. This total is the creature's Attack Strength
Onl EEE

--- PAGE BREAK ---

2. Roll two dice for yourself. Add your own SKILL
score to the number rolled. This total is your
Attack Strength
3. If your Attack Strength is higher than that of your
opponent, you have wounded it: proceed to step
4. If your opponent's Attack Strength is higher
than yours, it has wounded you: proceed to step
5. If both Attack Strength totals are the same, you
have avoided each other's blows: start the next
Attack Round from step 1, above
4. You have wounded the creature, so subtract 2
points from its STAMINA score. (You may use
your Luck here to do additional damage - see
below.) Proceed to step 6
5. The creature has wounded you, so subtract 2
points from your own STAMINA score. (Again
you may use your LUCK to reduce the damage
the creature does to you - see below
6. Make the appropriate changes to either your
opponent's or your own STAMINA score (and to
your LUCK score if you used LUCK - see below
7. Begin the next Attack Round (repeat steps 1-6
This sequence continues until the STAMINA of
either you or the creature you are fighting has
been reduced to zero (death
10
a eS
Fighting More Than One Creature
If you come across more than one potential enemy
in a particular encounter, the instructions in that
paragraph will tell you how to handle the battle
Sometimes you will have to fight them together
sometimes you will be able to fight them one after
the other
Luck
At various times during your adventure, either in
battles or when you come across situations in which
you could be either Lucky or Unlucky (details of
these are given in the relevant paragraphs), you
may call on your LUCK to make the outcome more
favourable. But beware! Using Luck is a risky busi-
ness and if you are Unlucky, the results could be
disastrous
The procedure for using your LUCK is as follows: roll
two dice. If the number rolled is equal to or less than
your current LUCK score, you have been Lucky and
the result will go in your favour. If the number
rolled is higher than your current LUCK score, you
have been Unlucky and will be penalized
= -- = Pi a
ial ol
1
SS ee ee - OO

--- PAGE BREAK ---

This procedure is known as Testing your Luck. Each
time you test your luck, you must subtract 1 point
from your current LUCK score, whether the out-
come was successful or unsuccessful! Thus you will
soon realize that the more you rely on your LUCK
the more risky this will become
If things go so badly that your LUCK is reduced to 1
or zero, you will automatically be Unlucky when-
ever you are forced to Test your Luck. So, be cautious
out there!
Using Luck in Battles
On certain pages of the book you will be told to Test
your Luck; you will then be told the consequences of
your being Lucky or Unlucky. However, in battles
you always have the option of using your LucK
either to inflict a more serious wound on a creature
you have just wounded or to reduce the effects of a
wound the creature has just inflicted on you
If you have just wounded the creature you are
fighting, you may Test your Luck as described above
If you are Lucky, you have inflicted a severe wound
and may deduct 2 extra points from the creature's
STAMINA score (so that your blow reduces its
STAMINA by 4 points, rather than the usual 2). How-
ever, if you are Unlucky, the wound was a mere
graze and you must restore 1 point to the creature's
STAMINA score (instead of your blow causing 2
points of damage to its STAMINA, it is reduced by
only 1 point
OOOO aaa
If the creature has just wounded you, you may Test
your Luck to try to minimize this wound. If you are
Lucky, you have managed to avoid the full impact of
the blow and may restore 1 point to your own
STAMINA (instead of the creature's blow causing 2
points of damage to your STAMINA, it is reduced by
only 1 point). But if you are Unlucky, then you have
taken a more serious blow, and you must deduct 1
extra STAMINA point (so that the creature's blow
causes damage worth 3 STAMINA points rather than
the usual 2
Remember that you must deduct 1 point from your
current LUCK score each time you Test your Luck
Restoring Skill, Stamina, Luck and Faith
Skill
Your SKILL score will not change much during the
adventure. Occasionally, a paragraph may give an
instruction to increase or decrease your SKILL score
A Magic Weapon may increase your SKILL - but
remember that only one weapon can be used at a
time! You cannot claim two SKILL bonuses for car-
rying two Magic Swords. Your SKILL score cannot
exceed its Initial value unless you are specifically
instructed to the contrary
Le
a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Stamina and Provisions
Your STAMINA score will go up and down a !ot
during your adventure as you fight creatures and
undertake arduous tasks. As you near your goal
your STAMINA score may be dangerously low and
battles may become particularly risky, so be careful!
Your backpack contains enough Provisions for ten
meals. You may rest and eat at any time except
when fighting, but you may eat only one meal at a
time. Eating a meal restores 4 STAMINA points
When you eat a meal, add 4 points to your current
STAMINA score and deduct 1 point from your Provi-
sions on your Adventure Sheet. A separate Provisions
Remaining box is provided on the Adventure Sheet
for recording details of Provisions. Remember that
you have a long way to go, so use your Provisions
wisely! Remember also that your STAMINA score
may never exceed its Initial value unless you are
specifically instructed otherwise on a page
Luck
Your LUCK score will also change during the adven-
ture as you Test your Luck; additions to your LUCK
score may also be awarded when you have been
especially fortunate; details of this are given in the
14
appropriate paragraphs of this book. Remember
that, as with SKILL and STAMINA Scores, your LUCK
may never exceed its Initial value unless you are
specifically told this
Faith
Your FAITH may be shaken by certain perils during
your adventure, but it may also be increased when
you are victorious in very dangerous battles and
when you find certain objects or relics of Good
Your FAITH score can be increased above its Initial
value. You will find out exactly how FAITH works
when you encounter certain creatures during your
adventure, and you will also be instructed about
this on the relevant pages
Afflictions
The adventure you will embark on is very hazar-
dous: monsters and traps are not the only dangers
you will face! You may find yourself beset by certain
Afflictions at some stage - curses or other disadvan-
tages of an even more sinister nature. We won't
spoil your fun by telling you exactly what these are
suffice it to say that if you suffer one or more
Afflictions, you will be instructed about their effects
in the relevant paragraphs. Fortunately, it is poss-
ible to rid yourself of them - if you are brave, wise
and lucky! Afflictions must be recorded in the A fflic-
tions box on your Adventure Sheet when you incur
them - you can use an eraser to rub them out later if
you are fortunate enough to rid yourself of them!
15
a ae

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Equipment
You will start your adventure with a bare minimum
of equipment, but you will find other items during
your travels. You are armed with a sword and
dressed in leather armour; you also carry a shield
You have a backpack (like a rucksack or haversack
on your back to hold your Provisions and any
treasures or other items you may find. You also
carry a lantem which you can use to light your way
when necessary
Hints on Play
Your journey will be perilous, and you may well fail
on your first attempt. Make notes and draw a map
as you explore - this map will prove invaluable in
later forays in this adventure, and it will enable you
to progress more rapidly to unexplored sections
Not all areas contain treasure: many merely contain
traps and creatures which you will no doubt fall foul
of. You may take wrong turnings during your quest
and, while you may indeed progress through to
your ultimate destination, it is by no means certain
that you will find what you are searching for
er ibaa ih ba
I EE ,,,,, ----e_ l
a %
ee, Fee
a
Be very wary about Testing your Luck unless a para-
graph tells you that you must do this! Generally
when it comes to fights you should Test your Luck
only to keep yourself alive if a creature's blow might
otherwise kill you (so far as reducing your STAMINA
loss from other creatures' blows is concerned
Don't Test your Luck in order to try and do extra
damage to your enemy unless this is really necess-
ary! LUCK points are precious!
It will be realized that paragraphs make no sense if
read in numerical order. It is essential that you read
only the paragraphs you are instructed to go to
Reading other paragraphs may only cause confu-
sion and will certainly lessen the excitement and
surprise during play
The one true way to success in the adventure in-
volves minimizing risk; any player, no matter how
weak his or her initial dice rolls, should be able to
struggle through to the final achievement and glory
May the luck of the gods go with you on the adven-
ture ahead!
a
a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

SKILL | | STAMINA | Luck
INITIAL INITIAL INITIAL
SKILL = STAMINA = LUCK =
SPELLS AFFLICTIONS
ITEMS OF TREASURE
EQUIPMENT
CARRIED
NOTES
- PROVISIONS
18
SKILL STAMINA | LUCK
INITIAL INITIAL INITIAL
SKILL = | STAMINA = LUCK =
i
SKILL STAMIMGA LUCK
INITIAL iNATIAL INITIAL
SKILL = Mi = LUCK =
SEALE | STARTIMA LUCK
eat | JMTTEAL INITIAL
ALLS Sith = LUCK =
SKULL STAMINA | | LucK
iNETMAL INITIAL ) | INITIAL
kei. = STAMINA = LUCK =
1 Es
19
- =
a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

BACKGROUND
Rumours of great wealth and treasure have lured
you west of Femphrey in the Old World, to the
forbidding land of Mauristatia, home of unscalable
peaks clad in ice and snow, obscured by great
swathes of freezing mist. The air is cold and damp
and you are dressed in furs to keep out the chill
Hunched in a swaying coach heading north towards
Mortvania, you wonder whether any of the
Rumours you have heard have any truth in them
people hereabouts are poorly fed and clothed, and
this hardly seems a place of great riches! Still
perhaps that means that the treasures are still hid-
den and that the local folk haven't found them
You are aroused from your reverie as the coach
creaks to a halt. The coachmen open the doors and
begin lowering trunks and bags from the roof. You
step out into a murky twilight; a thick winter fog is
drawing in round the little coaching village of
Leverhelven where you will rest tonight. The tavern
is small and hardly luxurious, but the food is hot
and the mulled wine is spiced and refreshing. But
the local people, wary of strangers, talk little; after
you enter, the tavern door is barred and the win-
dows are already shuttered. The place has a strange
name: the Hart's Blood - but this doesn't look like
hunting country, except for those seeking bears or
20
i ee ee
1
wolves for their pelts. You ask the tavern-keeper
how the inn got its name, and a deathly hush
descends in the room. He turns away, refusing to
speak to you; you wonder how a polite and innocent
question can have made him react in such a way
What's more, a man sitting by the fire turns round -
and spits at your feet!
An old woman swathed in shawls and a peasant
smock looks over at you and says, 'Furriners don't
know no better.' You take her over a drink and ask
her to tell you more - at least she's talking to you
which is more friendly than anyone else in here is
She gulps greedily at the warm wine. "Tain't no
'Hart's Blood", stranger. Were never called that 'til
they changed the sign outside. 'Tis the Heart's
Blood, see, h-e-a-r-t. That's what too many folk
round 'ere has given up, their 'eart's blood!'
The low murmur of voices that had begun once
more is completely silenced. Many people are cast-
ing fierce looks at you and the old woman and the
barman bellows at her to be silent. But her face is
flushed with the warmth and the wine, and she says
she will not be unheard. ''Tis the Count, damn his
zi

--- PAGE BREAK ---

black heart; folk vanish from the village, they do
and are never seen again. The Count takes them up
to the castle, to be sure, and there they die a terrible
death. Terrible! There's folk as have heard the
screams from the place, screams as from the souls in
hell itself.' Now tears run down her old, weathered
face. 'Didn't he take my grand-daughter only
yesterday? Didn't we see the coach and the headless
horseman in the village? My poor little Nastassia
such a beautiful, gentle girl, taken by the fiend
'imself, and not a inan in this godforsaken place
brave enough to go to the castle and save her!'
Embarrassed voices murmur round the room as
sparks fly from the fire; the crackling of the burning
wood seems to emphasize the old woman's desper-
ate plea: 'I beg you, sir, to rescue her. She is only
seventeen and she 'as done no harm to anyone. . .'
she bursts into tears again
A tall, red-haired man gets up from a table opposite
and approaches you; you see he has only one arm
the right sleeve of his tunic being pinned up to his
chest. 'Stranger, I take you for a wanderer, a seeker
after adventure. What old Svetlana says is true: the
Count is a terrible and evil soul, and Castle Heyd-
rich is a place of horror. I would have tried to slay
him myself, but for one obvious reason - You nod
as he glances down at his empty sleeve. 'Will you
help us? From my own days as a warrior I have some
gold put by, and it's yours gladly if you will help.'
The eyes of all present turn to you, imploring your
assistance
22
SSS ee OO
You are about to nod your agreement to this pro-
posal when the door of the tavern bursts open. The
people inside cry out in fear as an icy blast whips
through the room. Outside in the mist you can make
out a black coach with four jet-black steeds prancing
and whinnying, and in the doorway stands a spec-
tral figure. Bony fingers extend from black sleeves
and he beckons - you! But he says nothing - how
could he? He has no head
Now tum to paragraph 1
-

--- PAGE BREAK ---

1-4
1
You follow the beckoning figure outside into the
swirling mists. It leaps up to the driver's seat of the
black coach and the carriage door swings open. The
steeds prance expectantly, their breath steaming in
the cold air. Will you
Attack the Headless Horseman? Turn to 201
Get in the coach? Turn to 174
Ignore the coach, and ask a local
person how to get to the Castle? Turn to 148
2
You push open the brass doors and walk into a
well-lit entrance hall which is deserted. Floor
mosaics and wall-hangings of plain black and red
give the chamber a sombre appearance, and for a
moment you think you heard a faint moaning
sound. . . There are three exits from the hall. Will
you leave through
A door to the north? Turn to 101
A corridor to the east? Turn to 256
A door to the west? Turn to 60
3
Do you have a Magic Sword? If you do, turn to 173
If you don't, turn to 208
4
You bite into the sugared, crunchy biscuits with
their thin, dark chocolate surface - and reach the
soft centre of clotted blood. The Count's favourite

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ar el hee hry |e eee rag |e | on
Pte Ua Na 7 Oey
Ree ett
AT ii Le i 'et ee a" a] rs ba. r a "ibe a
t We Li : He a : hil a |. al dice
vont af ae . i, i ce he. cuit of gy
eee 2! ce ee ee
o, Lie 7] cite: Ga! 2 Ua
Le Pe Boe ae Spee ee Lee tee Le ReTL
=. es oy 'cys ny
a Fi a ia mS a rie iH i Suis eh
Pears Nhs a iN @ oe
Behe =o Se ee
ie a eS
i
5-6
snack, but it fills you with disgust and nausea. You
are shaken by this horror; lose 1 FAITH point. Now
you must try the west door; turn to 45
5
As you cross the portal, you observe a pentagram on
the floor - too late! A smoky shape materializes
within it, and a spectral steed with fierce glowing
eyes, its breath fire and choking smoke, bounds
forth to attack you. You have no time to run- you
must fight the Count's terrible Demon Steed. You
must subtract 2 points from your SKILL for the
duration of this combat only, due to the choking
effects of the Steed's fiery breath
DEMON STEED SKILL 8 STAMINA 10
If you win, you find nothing of interest here. So, will
you
Head for the Crypt? Turn to 90
Open the north, brass doors? Turn to 2
Open the south-facing door? Turn to 18
6
During each Attack Round until you kill the Vam-
pire Mist, you will lose 1 STAMINA point from the
blood drain. Turn to 42 and continue the fight!
= ia
-

--- PAGE BREAK ---

7-9
7
A shaft of moonlight strikes you and you see with
horror that your hands are becoming covered with
fur! You feel your teeth growing, and you almost
start baying at the moon! This transformation is very
painful - lose 3 STAMINA points. Change your
Lycanthropy to the Major Lycanthropy Affliction on
your Adventure Sheet. You search the tower for
anything which might help you; turn to 51
8
You insert the key into the lock and push the door
open. Inside, there is a row of simple tombs with no
markings or decorations, all identical. You have a
strange sensation; your nerves are tingling, and a
bead of sweat drips from your brow into one eye
making it sting. You rub your eyes to clear your
vision, and when you look again you can see a pale
ghostly figure drifting towards you, gesturing to
you to come forward. The apparition - seemingly a
woman - is young, gaunt of face, and looking very
determined! You can either flee (turn to 59) or walk
towards her (turn to 102
9
The little creature asks you if you have come to see
his master. You nod in mute agreement. 'Well
don't just stand there, go on in! He's not too busy -
I'm sure the potions will soon be ready!' You realize
that this is an alchemist's laboratory, and that the
small winged creature is a magical creature - a
Qi
10-12
homunculus. It gestures you to a door to the south
which you open, turn to 118
10
Trembling after the fight, you gaze at the coffin
Mastering your fear, you openit. Itis bare, save fora
fine dusting of black, dry earth on the bottom. You
Hp the coffin over, flinging earth over the floor, and
smash the wood with the pommel of your sword. In
the Notes box on your Adventure Sheet record that
you have destroyed one of Reiner Heydrich's
coffins! Gain 1 FAITH point. You leave this chamber
vou can try opening the door at the west end of the
corridor (turn to 34) or follow the corridor round to
the south, past this door (turn to 31
11
Having overcome these Undead servants, will you
Head into the main kitchen to
the east? Turn to 282
Leave and go to the north door
in the corridor? Turn to 332
Leave and open the west door in
the corridor? Turn to 221
Leave and follow the eastern
side-passage off the corridor? Turn to 353
12
You feel a surge of well-being from the blessed item
and your STAMINA is returned to its full Initial level!
Turn to 35
fi

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ar te ee, see a Seamee
a 2 a Ais, | - ae Pl go
P|, a OP ih
i ath, ae Fe re taal
lI iia | il 1 ite al aaa a ¥ Ee ale ans
IY eel. alt uly cr ges. Peg maar
i meee | ae J foe ae a ee eae
ae ie i Beek bead Eee i "ab ag
es is aay A Hi A, Soa ah
ee ae Haig eer B, ---
ba fe a oa ee 2 ae, ae
im => > * oe %
'et oe ; ee acne ys ll a oe boccles
In ee ea tec ty a thane eee | ae a
Licata 1 ee Pa ar corse ese hy
ie Sealy er ae ee Aes
Fe gee sa
a
13-14
13
As you approach, a small wizened Gnome scuttles
out of his hut into the grey light of dawn and sidles
up to you, grinning rather maliciously. He demands
2 Gold Pieces for ferrying you across in his boat, but
he adds that you can stay and sleep in his hut if you
wish - and you are very tired! If Valderesse the
Ranger is with you, turn to 64. If she isn't, will you
1 Attack the Gnome? Tum to 113
Accept his offer of a place to
sleep and rest? Turn to 211
Pay him and cross the river? Turn to 162
14
Do you already have a Magic Sword? If you do, turn
to 82. If you don't, turn to 61
oy P Ad =a tae
GAME. ae - a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

15
15
Gunthar gives you some food and wine (recover 4
lost STAMINA points) and tells you of his work as a
healer. He is well aware of his brother's evil and
denounces Reiner as a cruel, vile creature. But
Gunthar claims to be no fighter, and in any event he
could not bring himself to kill his own brother!
Gunthar seems weighed down by the evil of the
Castle, almost in a state of despair. You take a
chance and announce that you are here to do away
with Reiner Heydrich. Gunthar's eyes light up with
hope, and he says he will give you the one thing he
has which could help. From a carefully concealed
pocket inside his robes he pulls out a silver crucifix
on a chain, adding that, to destroy Reiner, this will
be needed. Add the Crucifix to your Possessions
You will also need a stake to drive through Reiner's
heart as he sleeps in his coffin, but Gunthar does not
have one; you'll have to find this elsewhere. 'Un-
less, of course, you find Siegfried's sword Night-
star, for that also would destroy him, but it has been
lost for many years,' he sighs. Now, will you
Leave and open the west door on
the landing? Turn to 294
Ask Gunthar for help with an
Affliction, if you have one? Turn to 48
Show Gunthar a book, if you
have one? Turn to 317
eee
16-17
16
The girl kisses you back. Unfortunately, this in-
volves sinking her teeth firmly into your throat!
Lose 2 STAMINA points. You now have to fight the
girl; roll one die. This is the number of Attack
Rounds your throat will go on bleeding, and you
willlose 1 STAMINA point on each Round while the
bleeding lasts. Turn to 150 to fight
z
The only item of use in the present situation is a
Silver Mirror. If you do not possess a Silver Mirror
turn to 26. If you do have a Silver Mirror, Reiner
recoils from it. This gives you time to throw Holy
Water if you can and if you wish to do this (turn to
216), or to cast a spell (turn to 158); after you have
done this, you still have a little extra time, as the
Vampire hesitates before the Silver Mirror. You will
be able to get a free sword strike at him, causing 2
points of damage to his STAMINA, when you begin
aswordfight, so make a note of this! If you are going
to attack him with a sword immediately, turn to 26
now
al Oy "Oy

--- PAGE BREAK ---

18-19
So es CT
aig
18
You open the door. It is very dark within, and you
need your lantern to see by. Peering in, you can
make out sacks of grain and some scurrying rats
There is .a door in the west wall of this storeroom
Will you
Move to the west door in the
storeroom? Turn to 67
Leave and approach the Crypt, if
you haven't done so before? Turn to 90
Leave and approach the north
doors in the courtyard? Turn to 2
19
The gas-cloud seeps slowly behind a wall-hangang
and you reveal a secret door there. Opening it, you
uncover the last of Reiner Heydrich's coffins: throw
ing back its lid, you find the slowly re-orming body
ofthe Vampire, Do you have either a Crucifix or the
Shield of Faith, and also either a Stake or the magical
sword, Nightstar? If you have at least one of each pair
of items, you know what to do, so turn to 42. If you
don't have atleast one of each pair, turn to 6g
SSS rr
20-21
20
You already know Katarina's wiles; she tried to
control you before, but you resisted her the first
time - and you are immune to any further tricks!
You strike out with your sword, inflicting 2 points of
damage upon her stamina. Turn to 106 to finish
the fight
21
After overcoming Wilhelm, you look at the incredi-
ble clutter all round these rooms. Will you
Search these rooms carefully? Turn to 78
Leave, and open the east door
Opposite in the corridor, if
you haven't done so before? Turn to 118
Leave and open the door at the
south end of the corridor? Turn to 252
Return to the entrance hall and
open the north door there? Turn to 101
7) aa
are 7 = whe as

--- PAGE BREAK ---

eas oe = i ey eon te "ae ee ee
RN BE
fa tires: i' ee i eau a ee le uid i
bea DE, i as eg Lo
<1 LP aa eee ye
ee : egies ee ee ja a
j real | th : a bon 7 ie an oe /, t : ie
J ae ies ay Pale ee ee q =e
He ole er oe ee ee ee aariet ta ae ig ome tS
fi fad le Mi i eee
feo) Seale i Vey a - ae meld
iL. HEMI ii five se. yi
te E [atu ae ee met a |e paces
A eat ee ioe ape a
pee yea ia | . aes la
? =| foo ered) hie ia
lid f +] ao ee en a ta
the ee ae = ee ee oy a ee Dag
A, il ee ee
ae ee a - ae
SS gee ee SS es i ae
i ae es a ee
22-23
22
The Major Thassaloss is the most powerful of all the
Count's guardians. When you fight it, in each
Attack Round you must roll one die in addition to
normal combat dice-rolls. If the roll is 1-5, a green
tay of intense cold from the eye-sockets of the
monster freezes you and you lose 1 STAMINA point
Only if you roll 6 will you be able to evade this ray
This happens, no matter who has the higher Attack
Strength in the Attack Round, so the Thassaloss is a
formidable enemy!
MAJOR THASSALOSS sxKILE 10 STAMINA 15
If at any time you wish to cast a Shatter spell (and
can do so), turn to 10g. If, at any time, you wish to
cast a Jandor's Bolt spell (and can do so), turn to 125
If you win, turn to 224
23
Holy Water does no damage to Katarina, since she is
not in fact a Vampire! She ducks under the thrown
vial and has no time to strike back. Fight with your
sword, if you are using Nightstar, you can claim a
bonus of only 1 to your SKILL for this sword. Return
to 106
i
ee
eS po

--- PAGE BREAK ---

24-26
24
Your hands manage to grab on toa bush at the edge
of the rocky precipice, and this saves you from
certain death on the jagged rocks below. You haul
yourself up and, somewhat shaken, follow the road
towards the Castle. You have a long walk ahead of
you, so roll one die, If the number rolled is 1 or 2
turn to 362. If you roll any other number, turn to 73
25
You search Lothar's rooms, and after some time you
find a hidden wall-alcove from which you retrieve a
Silvered Stake and the Castellan's Keys; add these
to your Possessions. Now, if you have met Katarina
Heydrich and you want to take the Book of Swords
to her, turn to 41. Otherwise, you leave and make
for the door at the south end of the corridor; turn to
319
26
Do you have a Magic Sword? If you have, turn to
372. If you haven't, turn to 284
ts a ji
nn --e-----eEOEeEeEeEEEEeeEeEEeEeEEEEeEeEeeeeeEeEeEEeEEeEEEE
27-29
27
As you step carefully across the threshold, you trip
over a very thin, cunningly concealed tripwire, and
the alarm this sets off alerts the man. He wakes and
not unmeasonably, slashes at you with his wickedly
sharp knife; lose 2staMins points, Now you can
either attack him (turn to 77) or try to talk with him -
afterall, you haven' tactually attacked him yet, so he
just might listen (torn to 126
28
Before you can finish it off, the hateful undead
thing transforms itself into a gas cloud and floats
away! If you have a Forcewall spell and wish to cast
it, turn to 111. If you cannot - or do not wish to -
cast the spell, turn to 63
29
Which spell do you want to use? Will it be
Forcewall? Turn to 155
Greatstrike? Turn to 112
Jandor's Bolt? Turn to 395
if you have none of these spells, turn to 164

--- PAGE BREAK ---

30-31
ae ye ie
30
The monstrously large Ghoul backs away from you
spittle drooling over its blackened stumps of teeth
You can ascend the stone stairs opposite the door
turn tc 159} or attack the retreating Ghoul (turn to
107
31
The corridor turns south, and there are four doors
before you: two to the east, one to the west and one
at the end of the corridor, facing you. Will you
Open the first door to the east
nearest you? Turn to 58
Open the second easterly door? Turn to 227
Open the door at the south end
of the corridor? Turn to 319
Open the door to the west? Turn to 114
C-O
32-33
32
With the symbol of the cross on the Crucifix or the
Shield of Faith held over the body, you drive the
point of the Stake or Nightstar through the evil heart
of Count Reiner Heydrich. Spots of black blood
splash on the white silk lining of the coffin and on
your hands, but you don't relax your grip. An
unholy shriek comes from his mouth and the
clawed hands of the expiring Vampire grip the
coffin rim, then slowly go limp. The body gradually
crumbles to dusi. At last the Count has been sent to
join his vampiric ancestors in the hells. Gain 2
FAITH points and 2 Luck points! Turn to 132
33
As you enter the bell tower, a flock of bats rises up
and starts swarming in the air in front of your face
You must Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 86
If you are Unlucky, turn to 133
euleierer

--- PAGE BREAK ---

a 'J a
vi i See aes "eect Fe
a oy ual Fed thy: to em (i
il i ree (ir - "tl fT ji at la Gi f i a Fi 'i = ip
'Act | hei sll EVEN Ne Fie Bate
at il 'All te Bit if ea ts
oh ee i, if i ii fa "inal Aa iid, 'el lial
os : Pp ees L 4 UGA hace gt
Lace ede NO nie, i
an "3 '4s
fered erat ia 4 aod ay
Ar, te Pie a 4 a 4 ri
to. i 'Be We ee oie gurls
if Vike a Wa aot ie 1
an | ee ai ores
Es pec || Suen eal
Beemer need iit Nene
34
34
You enter a lavishly decorated suite of rooms, with
plush-covered furniture, exotic carpets and rugs
tapestries and paintings, and sackfuls of gold
plates, gem-studded goblets, decanters, omaments
this place is dripping with wealth! There is also
a person here. Lazily reclining in a throne-like teak
armchair among leather cushions is a stunningly
beautiful young wornan; her flowing black curls
tumble over her shoulders and frame her slender
very pale face. An emerald bracelet circles her wrist
as she lifts an arm from the folds of her black dress
and gestures to you to come forward. 'It is polite to
knock first, but you may come in,' murmurs Katar-
ina Heydrich in a husky, seductive voice. Will you
attack her (turn to 71) or talk with her (turn to 363)?
st Ale ant ae in tpt
sil ie f 1 LF i t+ wif ul i
Mes ohid
i
-- Oe ----

--- PAGE BREAK ---

35-36
35
"You possess all that is needed to destroy Reiner in
his coffin,' says the ghost softly, 'but can you fight
him?' Do you have-the Book of Swords? If you do
turn to that paragraph which is half the number of
the magical page in that book (for example, if the
magical page were 320, you would turn to para-
graph 160). If you don't have this book, turn to 14
36
You can try haggling with Karl-Heinz if you wish
but you will have to Test your Luck to do this. If you
are Lucky, turn to 134. If you are Unlucky, or if you
don't want to risk offending Karl-Heinz by hag-
gling, but simply plead poverty and offer a lower
fee, turn to 183
eee ie lar "i oS é
a g& : cs Aceitt hn
r =: A i :, -. hd 4 i
a
37-38
37
Trying to stop the noise by fiddling with the
keyboard gets you nowhere, and you lose 1
STAMINA point from some rat-bites while you try!
Now, will you try to
Find the bellows which power the
organ? Turn to 65
Silence the organ with some
nearby object? Turn to 149
Make a dash for the north door? Turn to 335
38
The index finger of the hand is raised, painfully
slowly, and it gestures towards the south. Out of
the corner of your eye you see a bottled human head
opening and closing its eyes, apparently trying to
speak, but it can say nothing. Again the finger
gestures to the south, and for an instant you think
you can hear a whispering voice say, 'Help.' Then
the arm falls back lifelessly from you, and the head
does not move. This is unnerving; you must lose 1
FAITH point, and you abandon your search straight
away. Will you now open the south door at the
T-junction (turn to 8) or the east door (turn to 371)?

--- PAGE BREAK ---

39-40
39
The wolves stop to eat the food; deduct 2 meals from
your Provisions. You close the door behind you
Now, will you
Head for the Crypt? Turn to 90
Open the northerly brass doors? Turn to 2
Open the door to the south? Turn to 18
40
The dog is a savage mastiff, with wiry grey fur and
large yellow teeth, which barks ferociously and
slavers at the prospect of having you for a meal! If
you chose to attack the dog rather than trying to
sneak past it, you get a free strike at it, and you can
subtract 2 points from the STAMINA score for the
dog before you fight it
MASTIFF SKILL 7 STAMINA 7
If you win, you take 4 Gold Pieces from the table
add these to your Treasure) and some food from
the well-stocked larder (add 4 to your Provisions
Now, you can either get into the boat (turn to 138) or
wade across the river (turn to 187
41-42
a nit
41
You return to Katarina. She purrs happily at the
news of the Castellan's death. She takes the Book of
Swords and castsaspelloverit. Azuremagical flames
lick at the tome, but it does not burn. Instead, a
strange humming sound rises from it. Then the
book is gone, and in its place - nothing! Katarina
looks horrified. 'Damn Reiner! He has foiled my
countermagic!' she curses, and her face is convulsed
with rage. Suddenly, you are very fearful of what
she might do to you in her anger, so you mn out and
head for the door at the south end of the corridor
turn to 319
42
Because the mist is all round you, it is easy to hit
you may add i to your SKILL when fighting the
Vampire Mist
VAMPIRE MIST SKILL 7 STAMINA 9
If you are hit twice, turn at once to 165. If you win
turn to 10

--- PAGE BREAK ---

43
43
You insert the great iron key into the massive lock
and the heavily barred gate swings open. It is pitch-
black below and you must have a light source: your
lantern or a Magic Sword, if you have one. You
descend stone steps, covered in dust, cut between
walls which are cobwebbed and moss-covered. The
walls have pale decorations and, at intervals, leer-
ing gargoyle faces which seem to be looking at you-
or is that just your imagination? Rats scurry aboutin
the distance; as you step down into a tunnel at the
end of the steps, you notice a small pile of bones at
which they have been gnawing. They look not
unlike human bones. With a shudder, you walk on
until you reach a door, and you open this with your
keys. Before you is a corridor in which you can see
doors and alcoves in the distance. Now you must
Test your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 147; but if
you are Unlucky, turn to 91
tl
-------- - ee a
44
ey : ye i
kd HL fy i
44
The Wraith shrinks back from you, its wispy clawed
arms scrabbling at the air close by your face, but
your FAITH protects you! Now you see a wooden
spiral staircase leading upwards in this bare and
dusty chamber. You could easily escape the Wraith
that way; however, since it is an evil thing, you
would prefer to destroy it. You have heard, though
that only a magical weapon can harm a Wraith, so if
you don't have one it could be dangerous to attack
it! Will you
Attack the evil Wraith? Turn to 83
Ascend the staircase up the Tower? Turn to 316
Return to the entrance hall and
open the north door there? Turn to 101

--- PAGE BREAK ---

-- i a ee cot
oy ly itlacatar tees cee
ap rea Hall ae ae or Fe a ne 2a cue ae
i at ee i uy i itl a que i} tf ss oo i ae Aen a
Bate teat | A ta ee a So i
ort ii ie mi Ve 1 al ee igeee a i 5
Bs ge Fag! at? > ae a ks See
har es Sask are Zz afl Bn: ee ae
i f i} aul 4 ill io Nas. = =. Gia ', i { 'iff i) ye
mae. HES ay {a oh eee if Tiagl va 7
as ee uM ie ble Hilal Sage ae Hei a
a Fates eS ee or | eer , py Aiea Ee I ie '
ioe aid les 1 hihi UA He i) esac His My
4 a ae # talk a lane 'i
fe 'BL ba a I hilton i} oH 'te
ae - garment Be tia) | vn 'li DEL i! ite
Reet ee aie," i
a | fi aah est my ! ae i se, Se
fie | fear 'yt A cM = ae = --- te
jet ee ce ge 5 iF Tine ae eT ac rhe ey 1
i my atl es hee % pte oa ane wits
eet a may ea et aie ae 7
ja, ae a Tee Seren ee 'ea af see ee. Ep fl
Bl i Si ete | Aes a Lae St atm a
SEE
45
45
You push open the door into Count Reiner Heyd-
ich' living-room. Rich walnut wall-panelling and
oak furniture tell you that he is a creature of taste, at
least. But you have no time to dwell on details, for
two of his pets are racing to attack - a vicious
Vampire Weasel and an evil-looking, leathery-
winged Horned Vampire Bat!
Fight the bat normally. Every Attack Round when
you are fighting the bat, you mustalso roll one die in
addition to normal combat dice. If the result of this
die-rollis 5 or 6, the hateful little weasel has sunk its
fangs into your leg; lose 2 STAMINA points because
of this bite. Worse still, the weasel sucks your blood
for every subsequent Attack Round, the blood-
drain causes you to lose 1 STAMINA point. Once
you kill the bat, the weasel runs away; but if it has
bitten you, you lose a further 3 STAMINA points
before the bleeding stops
HORNED
VAMPIRE BAT SKILL 8 STAMINA 7
If the bat bites you twice, turn at once to 85. If you
win, turn to 135
A

--- PAGE BREAK ---

46-47
46
You are almost taken by surprise by a ghostly hu-
man form which glides silently into the room and
across it to attack you! The malicious, life-hating
Spectre is the most powerful of the Count's undead
servants, and you have to fight it! Do you have a
Magic Sword? If you have, turn to 298. If you
haven't, turn to 208
Tig a ieee '
47
After careful searching, you find a secret door in the
passage on the north wall, some ten feet from the
door at the end of the passage. You openitand enter
a bare chamber with a half-open door in the east
wall. Standing guard here are two Zombies bearing
pole-arms - your FAITH will not protect you against
these mindless but thoroughly trained guards! Fight
the Zombies one ata time in the doorway
SKILL STAMINA
First ZOMBIE 6 6
Second ZOMBIE 7 6
If you win, turn to 348
OO
48-49
big jas wy Jae ES
48
Gunthar looks nervous. He says that any magic he
might use to help you would alert Katarina, which
could be very dangerous... he is clearly rehictant
Do you have the Book of Healers? If you do, turn to
375. If you don't, you can either leave here and open
the west door on the landing (turn to 294) or you can
show Gunthar any other book you have found in
the Castle by turning to the paragraph with the
same number as the magical page in that book
49
Unfortunately your gaze dwells too long on the
portrait of the Count, and its eyes burn into you
holding you fascinated. Do you have the Lycan-
thropy Afthiction? ff you do, turn togs. Lf yeu don't
turn to 144
Ser
1

--- PAGE BREAK ---

50-51
50
You skirt carefully round the building. You have
approached from the south, and can make out some
features of what seems to be a two-storey building
In the south-west and south-east corners are the
towers, whose spires loom above the slate roofs
over the stone walls. Bats flit into and out of the
south-west tower belfry. The arrow-slits in the tow-
ers are too high and too narrow to climb in through
You can see lights on the ground floor from win-
dows in the west and east sides, but heavy drapes
prevent you from seeing anything within the Castle
itself. Roll one die and add 3. If the total is less than
or equal to your FAITH turn to gq; if it is greater than
your FAITH, you continue walking around and
arrive back at the main gates without finding any
other likely means of getting into the place, so turn
to 326
51
Checking carefully, you find a small secret door in
one wall; it conceals a wall alcove, from which you
draw outa white shield with a red cross. This is the
Shield of Faith; gain 1 FAITH pointand 1 LUCK point
for finding it, and add it to your Possessions. Now
you must leave the tower, go to the entrance hall
and open the north door there, so turn to 101
- =a 'a
eae aia ooo
52-53
52
You are in desperate trouble, fighting against one of
the Count's more powerful magic creations, a Minor
Thassaloss. You must subtract 2 points from your
SKILL when fighting this battle, since you are still
partially blinded by the effects of the magical flash
of light
In each Attack Round, roll one die in addition to the
normal two combat dice. If the result of the roll is
1-3, the Minor Thassaloss will strike you with a
numbing green ray of cold from its glowing eye-
die-roll is 4-6, you will have time to dodge this ray
sockets, and you will lose 1 STAMINA point. If the
The Thassaloss can freeze you even when it has the
lower Attack Strength in an Attack Round, so it is a
dangerous enemy!
MINOR THASSALOSS sxi_L_8 STAMINA 11
If you win, you can search this chamber (turn to 352
or leave, hoping for less formidable opposition else-
where (turn to 320
53
The white wine is magnificent Mauristatian Char-
donnay: crisp, cool and with the slightest hint of
pétillance! You are quite refreshed, and regain 4 lost
STAMINA points. Unfortunately, you drank a little
too much, and you must subtract 1 from your SKILL
when you fight your next battle (this affects only one
combat, your very next one). Now you can try
munching the appetizing-looking biscuits (turn to 4
or make for the west door (turn to 45

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i! ry J '7 ; f A
Ota) be il i i i La
al. 4 E
i i Bhi ei : i j Fal
Hy he eR ee i i
eee He
he Sf MAL hi alg
i i a Fes j
eee ee ee | ci ee =i
wi 'ei Ht Tap een eo om ly
et ae ee ee us ee ae
nd gi SSI BS 2 a es
A a Per ANE' f oF ae a eee a ee ee
hl Fees ee eee
54-56
54
You open the doors into a wolf pen, and two large
wolves glower at you and lick their lips! Will you
Attack the wolves? Turn to 103
Shut the door and get away? Turn to 152
Search for something to use
against the wolves (other than
your sword)? Turn to 299
55
In this room there is only a large oaken chest on top
of a table. It is securely locked and bound, but with
the Castellan's Keys you manage to unlock it
However, the lid stil! won't open! You see a silvered
plaque on the chest with some kind of code etched
on it, so you investigate this to see if you can find a
way of raising the lid of the chest. Turn to 123
56
You feel a warm glow from the globe as you hold it
regain 3 lost STAMINA points. But, oddly, Siegfried
seems disappointed in you. Turn to 35
a =a REZ a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

57-59
57
As you kill the little homunculus, there is an expio-
sion from one of the large glass vessels and you get
splashed by boiling acid: lose 5 STAMINA points
There is aloud rumbling in the laboratory, and some
equipment begins to rattle ominously. If you are still
alive, you have to get out by the way you came in
and you run to the very end of the corridor to get
away. There is a door on your left-hand side there
which you open: turn to 252
58
You open the door into a small linen store and see a
large and possibly poisonous spider lurking among
the starched cloth! You shut the door quickly. Back
in the corridor, will you
Open the second doorto the east? Tum to 227
Open the door at the south end
of the corridor? Tum to 319
Open the door to the west? Turn to 114
59
You slam the door behind you. As you look north-
wards, you see a slimy trail of greenish yellow muck
seething from under the door to the north! You
open the eastern door quickly and slip through; tum
to 371
OOOO OOOO
60-61
60
You open the door into a dusty, cobwebbed storage
chamber that is full of lumber. If you search here
you could possibly be surprised by someone enter-
ing the main hall, so will you
Search this storage room? Turn to 110
Leave here and open the north
door? Turn to 101
Leave here and follow the east
passage? Turn to 256
61
Siegfried says that while a stake can kill Reiner if it is
driven through his heart, your present weapon
cannot affect him in combat; you must have a Magic
Sword. There is such a weapon, admittedly no-
where near as powerful as Siegfried's own, in the
tomb of Adolf, a Castellan of the Castle in the
distant past. This tomb is to the east of the T-
junction, so you leave here and head for it: turn to
108

--- PAGE BREAK ---

62-63
62
Suddenly the girl stands upright, arms out-
stretched, with her head thrown back. She screams!
Roll one die and added 4. If the total is less than or
equal to your FAITH, turn to 150. If itis greater than
your FAITH, turn to 195
63
The Count floats away behind some wall-hangings
- you search but can find no doorway behind them!
You know that vampires can regenerate, and you
know too that you didn't kill him off. You guess that
he may be back before long! You have time to
perform four - and only four - actions. Decide what
these will be. You could eat a meal (this takes two
actions, and you can wolf down only one meal in
time), drink a Potion of Healing or restorative
brandy (one action per drink), release the girl with
your keys (two actions), cast a spell such as Trueheal
or Luckspell (one action per spell cast), or get some
object from your backpack (one action per item you
want to retrieve). When you have decided what to
do, turn to 178
a
OO eo
64-65
64
Valderesse lifts up the Gnome by his jerkin and
holds him up to speak to him face to face. "Get my
friend across the river, Snivel, free of charge. You
owe me a favour for keeping those wolves away
from you last week!' Turning to you, she murmurs
that Snivel is not the kind of Gnome whose offer of
hospitality you should accept. There is a forester's
hut further along the trail and you will be able to
find rest there in safety. She puts the Gnome down
and he fawns and toadies to you. You clamber into
his boat and he mutters some words which you
don't make out. The boat moves straight out
against the current, into the middle of the river!
Valderesse waves goodbye to you as you step out
safely on the opposite bank. Turn to 383
65
Spending time searching for the air bellows in a
large and unfamiliar pipe organ while being
harassed by malicious, biting rats is not exactly an
easy business. Lose 3 STAMINA points from the
bites before you have the sense to give up and make
a dash for the north door; turn to 335

--- PAGE BREAK ---

66-67
66
The woman who stands before you is tall and slim
with flowing black hair and mysterious, emerald-
green eyes. She is stunningly iovely, but very pale
the ivory pigment of her skin is emphasized by the
jet-black dress she weats. Cold silver and glinting
emerald jewellery adorn her. This is Katarina
Heydrich, the Count's sister, who is gazing deep
into your eyes! Turn to 264
You are just getting close to the door when the rats
start to squeak, then they rush forward to attack
you! There are too many for you to fight. You can
either open the west door and go through (turn to
115) or retreat back into the courtyard (turn to 163
ra Let j
ce iy 2) oe
cee) es
i a Dai a ee
OO --------------- -- ssssasasaesomnmne
68-69
i OO
68
Katarina smiles seductively at you; you are
charmed, and you know that you must do exactly
what she wants. You agree to slay the Castellan
and you follow her directions: leave, go south, and
take the second door to the east. Turn to 227
v
You have overcome the Vampire, but you have no
power to destroy him in the end. As you watch, you
think you can see a grin slowly forming across his
face, and a tiny trickle of blood runs slowly towards
his chin as his fangs are revealed by the slowly
parting, deathly pale lips. You free Nastassia, if you
haven't already done so, and together run for your
lives. Although there are stumbles and falls, finally
you get back to Leverhelven. The folk are glad to see
Nastassia once again; when they hear that the
Count still lives, however, they fall silent and shake
their heads in despair. Your adventure may be over
but your quest was not completed; you have failed

--- PAGE BREAK ---

arse Re ah gat eae acc seam ast a
eed a ts if ce) ee a z bie cre hee | oP
aan ae -. |. att i
ee ae: i j ian el Alea pe Oe a
helene: foe ae a = be ek ate
I Hat lane ae eh ae Ay meee =f at eae eb
ee | aay et Meee, Sa ee g
Cie ae WAN Ran ott ONES
ae eit les nT ie ee a
Sem ee aN 2 eet | eye AF ca
ee ed el 'ip ean a fee ks ead! Me. HIE
ae er! Peek ee ae ea ee Al
rl jie be | er i Fay | i "- fas 'ol! oe li y
ea LE ee hs walt pers pette lg ey
Cee ae fee | eee art ea | H "
ee! ugk ae ara |, oo ail a 1 ith ia
Far : it ; ea 'ill ia oc ae
SCP eae | Sete il t = at a
Frcstae ene peri ce le ee i Pee hay
ee a Sel ae lice py aie = kn
ene - eee, ee ee ae ee Fe a
325 \ ye 1p ae
oe oo Te ee i = = atts = ps =
= =ea « : SA =
= eee Seas eee Piel i ee
70-72
70
The Ghoul springs at you with filth-encrusted and
bloodied talons, its rank breath hot on your face. Its
eyes are miniature infernos of fi-ry hatred and
hunger for living flesh!
HUGE GHOUL SKILL 8 STAMINA 11
If the Ghoul hits you three times, turn at once to 127
If you win, turn to 159
71
Do you have a Magic Sword? If you do, turn to 199
If you don't, turn to 143
72
Count Heydrich sinks his fangs into your throat and
sucks greedily at your warm, strong blood. You lose
consciousness for now, but you will soon rise from
the dead as his mindless servant!
na a =
1G

--- PAGE BREAK ---

73
73
As you walk through the night, using your lantern
to light your way, you can hear wolves howling on
this dank and foggy night. Bright moonlight occa-
sionally breaks through the swirling mist and thick
cloud to show you some detail of what is away from
! the path and outside the little circle of warm light
your lantern casts. As the howling gets closer, one
such shaft of moonlight reveals two wolves straight
ahead. They are large specimens, with silvered grey
fur and yellow eyes and slavering muzzles - and
they are bounding towards you! Will you
Attack the wolves? Turn to 121
Throw some food to them? Turn to 218
Try to run away and escape? Turn to 170
eae
ae ihe
Me i, | a
co), ita als
Eo --Vwe\--SS- ee Ss saan
74-75
74
'To destroy Reiner, you need a Crucifix as well as a
Stake,' Siegfried says. 'Pick up that globe and fix in
your mind's eye the image of a silver cross.' You do
this, closing your eyes to help you concentrate
when you open them, the ball has gone, but in
your hands is lying a small silver crucifix! Add the
Crucifix to your Possessions. Turn to 104
75
You are wondering what to say, but the Sage talks
freely of his own accord. Mostly he goes on about
how mean the Count is, and how he - the Sage -
needs more money for books. You realize that
you're going to have to pay for information, and it
isn't going to come cheap. While you're wondering
how much to offer, and how to do this politely, the
Sage suddenly announces, 'Of course, for a goodly
sum in gold I could get you into the library. Who
knows what you might not find in there?'
You can ask the Sage about various matters, but
you'll have to pay him for each answer you get. He
will accept Gold Pieces, or any Treasure items of
equal value. You can choose what you want to ask
about from the list below, but you must pay for each
answer you get. The Sage demands payment in

--- PAGE BREAK ---

75
advance, and he doesn't haggle! For each question
you will be referred to the paragraph with his
answer, then referred back to this paragraph. You
could ask about
Getting into the library
6 Gold Pieces) Turn to 146
Where the Count can be found
3 Gold Pieces) Turn to 254
Relatives of the Count in the
Castle (3 Gold Pieces) Turn to 209
Nastassia, the missing village
girl (2 Gold Pieces) Turn to 185
What's in the Crypt
2 Gold Pieces) Turn to 303
Any Afflictions you have
2 Gold Pieces) Turn to 394
After you have finished paying for information (and
reduced the amount of your Treasure accordingly
you leave the Sage to his musty old books and
manuscripts. If the Sage has given you an item, you
follow his directions: turn to 332. Otherwise, you
leave and return to the passage outside: turn to 47
it
Ha
---- eeeeeeeeeeeeeEeEeeeeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeEeeeee eS
76-77
76
The Count is unusually resistant to this magic. Roll
one die. Ona roll of 5 or 6, he manages to evade the
full forces of the Bolt and takes only 3 points of
damage. If you roll any other number, he suffers the
full 6 points of damage. Now you must fight with
him. You can use the Greatstrike spell if you have it
and wish to use it (turn to 346); otherwise, turn to
26. Remember to note how many points of
STAMINA the Count has already lost
77
You very quickly realize that the man is strong, agile
and wily. You face a very dangerous opponent!
FORESTER SKILL 10 STAMINA 7
If you survive, and if you didn't sleep at the
Gnome's hut, you must sleep here; you will not be
disturbed, and you regain 4 lost STAMINA points for
this rest. You may search the cottage if you wish
turn to 177. When it is time to continue your jour-
ney, turn to 228
J

--- PAGE BREAK ---

=e ig ri To
ates ete tar alae Ue eRe as Ce
Ai sf i in io | fp Ss Pd
in eer e i lis die "4 | } i ake
1 tae i 'Ty hy. = y Fi iepay
ee ey ii 4 Teale | pees
f= Bee 2 : is ail Winns ine
i a in TaD e , ! i ie ae i lcoaee jee
Pee eas Bae aT: ian el | Ph Maier pe Sr ee iil
age tte | |liat wee A ee i ee ea a oy
etek oe | Mi) Loe a, Ts
eee ung ofl slit ete ae eee t
' me iy jh | et oes ee ee Ghict
ene Uta 1 il ut ity ah i i
i fae HE Mshiid ME Apes" Saal ' | Mee
te | -_ Se a ee 1 thie a ba i
"ise fos: So ic ee oe aan ig iH cu
a. a5 yn \ oS Soa
See lees ae : Steg Sie Sage Soe
oo -V- SS ssn»
78-79
78
During your search you find a total of 4 Gold Pieces
add these to your Treasure), but you also find the
young man's pet, a huge, brooding Raven, which
perches on a mantel in Wilhelm's bedchamber and
swoops to attack you!
GIANT RAVEN SKILL 7 STAMINA 6
if the Raven wounds you, turn to 360. If you win
vou decide to leave and try the door at the end of the
corridor leading south: turn to 252
79
Karl-Heinz the Alchemist leaves you and enters his
laboratory through the north door of this room; half
an hour later, he comes back with a bubbling green
liquid in a conical glass vessel. On his shoulder a
small, winged, green homunculus perches; it grins
nastily at you as you hand over your 8 Gold Pieces
deduct these from your Treasure) and drink the
filthy stuff. It tastes absolutely vile, and you feel
very weak and sick after drinking it. Lose 4
STAMINA points. But it does work, and you are
cured of your (Major) Lycanthropy Affliction (ad-
Just your Adventure Sheet accordingly}. With a sense
of relief you thank the Alchemist and leave by the
door in the west wall of his room. Turn to 373

--- PAGE BREAK ---

80-82
80
Tow sense that: Katerina hasomade some attempt te
contral yang by magic, but she has failed. Snarling
with frustration and tape, she commands you to
leave. She begins to weave.a spell, butvrou are fist
enough to getaway! Tum to 32
81
Fight the Zombies one at a time, in order. You are
outnumbered, but a brave warrior should have no
fear of these slow, mindless creatures!
SKILL STAMINA
First ZOMBIE 6 5
Second ZOMBIE 7 5
Third ZOMBIE 6 6
If you win, turn to 11
FP es ae 5 i Le - ie
ae @) = ee (2) 3 Envee
Ph ae eh ae ey oo!
4 -- = = fy) era ck - lr i" rT
Ne reat RS eee
82
You ascend back into the coffin and leave the
Undertomb; the ghost fades as you depart. You
climb the stairs back to the T-junction, and from
here you can go down the east stairs (turn to 108) or
the southern stairs (turn to 161
SE
1
83-85
i = ie
i ote ii
* * : « = ss E, © "alga hi
fa ar va PE 2 =
rs de ome a
lias
83
Do you have a Magic Sword? If you do, turn to 129
If you do not, turn to 231
Lothar was a good and decent man, and you have
slainhim needlessly. Lose 2 points from your FAITH
and 1 point from your LUCK. Turn to 25
85
If you have the Curse of the Healer, turn to 186. If
you don't have this Affliction, turn to 206

--- PAGE BREAK ---

86-87
86
You swing your lantern around and drive the bats
off. They fly squeaking out into the enveloping
blackness of the night. You see before you in the
dirty bell tower some old bronze bells and one silver
bell, which seems to glow with a very faint blue
light, Roll one die and add 3. If the total is less than
or equal to your FAITH, turn to 179. If the total is
greater than your FAITH, turn to 233
87
You push past the unlocked door, and find yourself
standing on a stone balcony overlooking the court-
yard. This balcony stretches to east and west of you
and also continues round towards the south at its
eastern edge. There are three other doors leading
away from the balcony. One door is to your right
and clearly leads into a chamber next to the south-
western tower; if you want to open this door, turn to
428. A second door is halfway along the southern
spur, on the east side; if you want to open this door
turn to 302. The final door is at the extreme south of
the balcony, furthest away from you; if you want to
open this door, turn to 244
EEO oo
88-89
BBEZ/T
a4
ee
83
This is a foolish decision! The monster was already
close by the door, and you have no time to flee in
this way. The Stench Ghoul hits you: lose 2
STAMINA points. Turn to 122
89
Roll two dice. If the total is less than or equal to your
'SKILL, you tiptoe past the dog and scoop up the
food and the gold. If the total is greater than your
SKILL, you wake the dog and you will have to fight
it. Turn to 40, but if you did not waken the dog you
do not have to fight it, and you can simply take the
food and treasure listed in paragraph 40
i =

--- PAGE BREAK ---

2 OTS page * Og ae oe a ae
Tee eae eee ae
* vate lt yey Fi et baie 'eat See gear er face, rel Ey
'a pik el i pA i ; \ i oe rl : | i ar Ai uae ea
ag ie a kat Pe ee 4 eee dat ate
-o ale ae oe coh pee cart ae) Sees Pere ea er
i aot e ae] hr re i | tae me loomed sa vedh ei et
ae || | OE ieee | | I Atty an
ey | | ca { hee Ii a
i ed li "ee || | f \s il | aude? i
= @ i \ i ae
Vt Come Wale | 1 Ee
ij bay ul eee ia -_ A iL MT 4 eee jl
erie | 6] Ut ee vec
i | | =a | i l 7 maa tH
ion ie (geal 1 || | 2
hake eae | 14a ot a
oa oe | | | Neg | Esa ee! i iee a if Li
hoa ie jt come | REENMLY (ea edege Hae ee | hea | le
Meteo TUR et Pee | BER a ela ese
'aa =f Py 1 aH MG | lig
fae ae eked a Rea 'i rn in
wal, Jae ee att ssi il i j
eee ie 'j i edit |e Hr i f i i ie iH Hi {iia ij
pe ae "As °
tae i
i teh aee Mer Paseo: a
SS eS ---
90-91
go
The Crypt has a stone entrance with steps leading
down. Hideous gargoyle heads with fiendish grins
stare balefully down at you, and the heavy, iron-
railing gates are firmly locked. Behind you, you
hear snarls somewhere behind the doors to the
west, and decide not to investigate these. But will
you
Try to force the gates to the
Crypt? Turn to 141
Open the southern door in the
courtyard, if you have not
already done so? Turn to 18
Head for the brass doors to the
north? Turn to 2
ot
Stepping forward, your weight triggers a concealed
pit trap. You fall heavily to a stone floor, ten feet
below. Lose 4 STAMINA points. Also, if you are
carrying any brandy or Holy Water, their containers
have smashed and you must cross these off your
Possessions. You manage to clamber out of the pit: a
simple trap, but effective, in your case at least. Turn
to 157
ee wl "ey
aq ie : yy NO

--- PAGE BREAK ---

92--94
L
Gunthar carries no weapon and you'ean slay him
easily; however, as you do, he lays a hand on your
neck and whispers a curse: on you. You feel a
stabbing pain -lose 3 STAMINA points-and, when
you check, you can feel a blood-wet and painfully
i sore patch of skin there. You now have the Curse of
the Healer, so record this in your Afflictions bax
Searching ihe rooms, you turn up 4 Gold Pieces
add this tw your Treasure}, but nothing else of
value, 'You return. to the landing, opening the west
door there: tur to 294
93
Which spell will you cast? Will it be
Forcewall? Turn to 194
Jandor's Bolt? Turn to 125
Shatter? Turn to 109
94
"You have the Book,' the apparition says approving-
ly. 'My sword is imprisoned within it, Reiner's
magic used blood to put it there, and blood is
needed to free it again.' Siegfried points to an ornate
silver chalice on the table. "You must give up blood
to release Nightstar. It will cost you STAMINA, but the
weapon is a peerless one." [E you are ready to do
this, turn to 328. If you don't want to take the
reduction to your STAMINA, or if you're simply
unwilling to agree, you can ask Siegfried if there is
any other way of getting a weapon that will destroy
the Vampire: turn to 374 - unless you already have a
Stake, in which case turn to 14.
95
Hair begins to sprout on the backs of your hands
and your canine teeth seem to grow and force
themselves over your bottom lip! Lose 1 point from
your FAITH and 1 point from your LUCK; you know
now that if you don't get help soon you are in very
serious trouble! Change Lycanthropy to Major
Lycanthropy in the Afflictions box on your Adpen-
ture Sheet. You flee, and you can open the door at the
east end of the corridor (turn to 351) or run south
along the corridor (turn to 166).
96
You sever the arm at the elbow and the hand
releases its grip; what looks like fresh blood splat-
ters over the floor. You are shocked to hear the
sound of weeping coming from one of the human
heads, sealed in a bell jar; lose 1 FAITH point and 1
LUCK point. You flee this place; back at the junction,
you can open the east door (turn to 371) or the south
door (turn to 8).

--- PAGE BREAK ---

97-99
97
Mocking laughter rings down the passage from the
west. You see a tall, dark-haired man in a crimson-
black cloak, unmistakable by his widow's peak hair-
line and bis glowing red eyes. The Count! "You are
no threat to me, you snivelling weakling,' he mocks
He wraps his cloak round him and is transformed
into a giant bat. He flies off at great speed, and you
cannot keep up with him. Turn to 47
7 98
The hairs on the nape of your neck rise as you sense
that something intensely evil is in the room! Spin-
ning around, you see a green, ghostly, human
shape beginning to take form in the doorway. You
cannot run, combat is inevitable - but you do have
time to perform one action of some kind before you
are forced to fight. You have time to wolf down
some food, or a potion, to regain lost STAMINA, if
you are able; or you could take a swing at the Spectre
with your sword. If you wish to strike at the Undead
thing, turn to 3. If you want to perform some other
action, decide what that will be, then turn to 117
99
Although there is a quality of indescribable evil
about the Castle, you can also sense some powerful
good in the place. From the centre of the north wall
there is something - is it magic, perhaps? Since you
can't get into this part of the Castle directly, you'll
have to enter the main gates to find out. Turn to 326
J
SS OOOO ee
100-101
100
You feel horribly weak as the tentacles of the Vam-
pire Mist unerringly pierce the bloodied patch of
skin on your neck. Lose 2 STAMINA points from the
pain, and you will lose 2 more STAMINA points in
every Attack Round because of bleeding, irrespec-
tive of whether you or the Mist has the higher
Attack Strength, until you destroy the Mist! Turn to
42and finish the fight
101
You push open the north door in the entrance hall
and see a brightly lit corridor stretching out before
you. The floor is tiled, and there are small water-
colour paintings hung on the walls. Before you
there is a door on the east wall, and further along
one on the west wall; between the two, there is a
side-passage to the east. There is also a door facing
you at the (north) end of the corridor. Will you
Open the north door? Turn to 332
Open the east door? Turn to 172
Open the west door? Turn to 221
Go down the eastern side-passage? Turn to 353

--- PAGE BREAK ---

gee tee i
ice = We
t Ss sche a ' 4 - sisp ie 9
i; | "* Zid 'teal r | | 1-4 es
i | \ Bae _ aS el - fi i I : '| 4 =
i a wh ea J i
4 i iy Gal -, i ce ay r i " | vc
t teh FE hi i " ieee TR tia Fe Pa i nr ae
it pel fi ee oe ee ee oe i
i f | aes, hi 'a Wy 4 hg a a Noeee a
it ar | as ae a
ah : hove Se iio
oun re ke a 5 ke er i
1 ol shake ee! : aye aaa oe fs A =
oe ec Bree ie, a bees 4 cs ah iF HY "Label
a lela 5 4 a aa
iu Re ae
A th ee ee) a) ay A la
----------- eee
nz
102
The ghostly girl communicates with you by tele-
pathy. I am Jandor, one of Katarina's victims, she tells
you. f was caught off guard and my magic could not help
me before I was bled to death. You shiver, contemplat-
ing such a terrible end. There's no time for that. My
tomb-she gestures - my magical ring of spell-storing is
in it. It will help you in your quest. All those buried here
have been consumed by the Heydrichs over the years
Bring us our revenge. You nod grimly to her; you seek
70 thing more!
The youthful wizard's ghost watches as you open
her tomb and take the plain gold ring from her
skeletal hand. The ring originally had six spells
stored in it, but now only three remain. Each spell is
usable only once. Roll one die three times to get
three different numbers between 1 and 6, then
consult the list below to see which spells the ring has
within it for you. (Re-roll any duplicated numbers
For each spell, turn to the paragraph which de-
scribes that spell; you will then be referred back to
this paragraph
Die roll of 1, spell is
FORCEWALL Turn to 232
Die roll of 2, spell is
GREATSTRIKE Turn to 160
Die roll of 3, spell is
JANDOR'S BOLT Turn to 273
Die roll of 4, spell is
LUCKSPELL Turn to 323

--- PAGE BREAK ---

102-103
Die roll of 5, spell is
SHATTER Turn to 222
Die roll of 6, spell is
TRUEHEAL Turn to 120
When you have determined the three spells in the
ring, record them in the Spells box on your Adven-
ture Sheet. You leave with the ghost's blessing; turn
to 59
103
Fight the two wolves one at a time in the doorway
SKILL STAMINA
First WOLF 6 5
Second WOLF 7 6
If you win, you search around but find nothing
valuable. Now will you
Head for the Crypt? Turn to 90
Open the southern doors in the
courtyard? Turn to 18
Open the brass doors to the
north? Turn to 2
SS ee --
104-105
Aa a
4g a
DS, ey atige
PSB Lie © jini pang
Met athe. Lures taal
ites fide
104
'You already possess what is needed to destroy
Reiner in his coffin,' Siegfried whispers softly. 'He
rests to the south of here; you know where to find
him. But we have more work here. Pick up that
globe and concentrate upon it. If you are of suf-
ficient faith, it will serve you well.' Roll one die and
add 4. Ef the total is less than or equal to your FAITH
turn to 12. If the total is greater than your FAITH
turn to 56
105
You gain a free attack on the first, cowering Zombie
- and, by a stroke of good fortune, you kill it
instantly! Gain 1 LUCK point. Turn to 81, and fight
the second and third Zombies only

--- PAGE BREAK ---

106-107
i
106
Katarina holds a needle-sharp dagger in her left
hand - and she is exceptionally skilled in its use! If
you have had the chance to strike at her already, you
may subtract 2 from her STAMINA Score given be-
low
KATARINA
HEYDRICH SKILL 10 STAMINA 10
You can fight her in one of many different ways
Will you make a first attack
Using your sword? Turn to 164
Using a spell? Turn to 29
By throwing Holy Water at her? Turn to 23
Using a Silver Mirror, hoping to
make her recoil? Turn to 145
After making your choice, you will be referred back
to this paragraph. If eventually your sTaMINa is
reduced to 5 or less, turn at once to 237. If you win
turn to 400
107
You get a free hit at the Ghoul as it cowers away
from you, but after you hit, it fights back! Turn to 70
to fight, and you may subtract 2 from the STAMINA
total given there for this monster
108-109
Bay 16) =a a a aM i" - * iy ae
108
You descend the stairs eastwards until you are
standing before a black door with a silver plaque
which reads, simply: 'Adolf'. Opening the portal
you step into a small chamber; in it is a stone
sarcophagus on top of which is a sculpted stone
warrior holding a longsword. Around the walls of
this chamber are a number of weapons - swords and
' bows - and a pair of shields with faded heraldic
designs; but these are rusted and of no use in a
combat. Now, will you
Try to open the sarcophagus? Turn to 213
Leave, climb the stairs and go
south? Turn to 162
Leave, climb the stairs and go
north (if you haven't already
done so)? Turn to 257
109
The spell snaps the spine of the monster, destroying
it instantly. The last of the malevolent green glow
fades from the eye-sockets and the great black
scythe falls to the floor with a crash. Turn to 224

--- PAGE BREAK ---

110-1142
110
Roll two dice. If the total is less than or equal to your
SKILL, turn to 156. If it is greater than your SKILL
turn to 214
111
The Count's escape-route is blocked by the Force-
wall hemming him in! He returns to human form
snarling with fury, and races to return to the attack
Finish your fight with him: turn to 222
ae oe ms
112
This spell works as normally, but to gain the extra
damage you must have the higher Attack Strength in
this Attack Round - otherwise the spell fails. Turn to
164
er =
113
CoM) A
A
ra ee
i; ae ra ae aaa
113
Suivel the Gnome pulls out a dagger, and you can
see that the blade is discoloured - poison! If Snivel
manages to hit you, you must lose 4 points of
STAMINA rather than the usual 2, due to the effects
of the venom. What's more, the Gnome is athletic
and he dodges and weaves, so he is not easy to hit!
GNOME SKILL 8 STAMINA 6
If you win, will you
Search the Gnome's house? Turn to 358
Take the boat and cross the
river? Turn to 138
Wade across the shallow river? Turn to 187
Ip
=

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i aa é. (tay i
fait a t i ange a i afi, A
Lee =, Siege Yn eae eee
i | aa AEs pee
ee | | rel Bhi i a Mk ane
iy ae os) Wiens = fe
De et cea St ae erie
fee A 'Lueng sal a 4 ful | a es, ale
hh, de ae, Ee PE
Say By hh A ee
Tae i ey i «iid eh bs aa
« ae oe in Hil all i a al
en gE ei | ah ia See) Ge ie eer ci Foe
ie ar] Fig q re Fatt =! li WL a ra 'a 4
Be eT , ore if ae
Vene oe ee ey eae ee th ae "ay 7
a its rg ia! ye | | eal i : 'yy eee
ae Me ls uel a hy aes
= a. rw "i ey Ty
=: ie: fy, i) fae | 2 ee
a ie / a si 4
a i eg) ee a
114-115
114
You enter a large chamber, lit by a magical globe of
light hanging in the air. The room is crammed full of
objets d'arf. Paintings, crystal omaments, vases
antiques and other valuables stand on plinths and
shelves or are affixed to the walls here. A fortune -
but you cannot carry it! You begin to look around for
anything smal] which you could carry and take as
treasure. As you are doing this, one of the wooden
sculptures shakes itself and advances to attack you
itis between you and the door, so you must fight!
WOOD GOLEM SKILL 8 STAMINA 6
If you win, turn to 168
T15
You fling open the door, then slam it shut behind
you to keep the squeaking horde at bay. You find
yourself in a dusty chamber with a wooden spiral
staircase leading upwards; it is dark and cob-
webbed, so you need your lantern to see by. As
you head towards the filth-encrusted wooden
steps, two man-like figures loom out of the sha-
dows. The stench of death is strong about them, and
their half-rotting hands clutch rusted swords! Roll
one die and add 2. If the total rolled is less than or
equal to your FAITH, turn to 217. If the total is
greater than your FAITH, turn to 265

--- PAGE BREAK ---

116-117
116
Lothar asks you to turn round while he gets some-
thing from a wall-alcove with a secret door. He
comes back with a bunch of keys and a wooden
stake with a silver-tipped point. 'These will get you
into the Count's rooms,' he says, handing over the
Castellan's Keys (add these to your Possessions
'The Count sleeps in the Crypt, but the Crypt Key is
! in his rooms to the south. You'll need to go south
and open the door at the end of the corridor out-
side.' The Silvered Stake, he explains, can destroy
the Count as he sleeps in his coffin (add this also to
your Possessions
Lothar puzzles for a moment then says to you, 'I've
overheard the Count mutter to himself about some-
thing he's hidden not far away with a magical lock
on it. "Forward and back," he said, "forward and
back." He repeated that several times, and then
laughed to himself. | don't know what he could
have meant, but he surely meant something by it -
he may be evil, but he isn't mad!' This story makes
no sense to you now, but who knows what you may
find later?
You thank Lothar for his invaluable help, wish him
well, and follow his directions to the door at the
south end of the corridor outside: turn to 319
117
Do you have a Magic Sword? If you have, turn to
298. If you haven't, turn to 208
! 118
118
You entera large room filled with all sorts of strange
equipment: tables and charts showing the planets in
the heavens, varieties of herbs, rock formations
and lots else besides. All this is strewn over benches
and desks, pinned to the walls, and even scattered
over the floor! Sitting at one desk is a white-haired
tall, thin man with pince-nez glasses perched pre-
cariously on his beaked nose; he is poring over
some intricate diagrams and muttering to himself
He looks up at you. 'Er, pleased to meet you, I sup-
pose. I am Karl-Heinz Matthaus, Alchemist-in-
Residence. Something I can do for you?' He appears
unarmed and looks like a kindly old man. He looks
back at his work, clearly not interested in you. Will
you
Attack him? Turn to 251
Engage him in conversation? Turn to 205
Leave through the door in the
west wall of this room? Turn to 373

--- PAGE BREAK ---

119-120
11g
Katarina begins to plot and scheme. 'There is some-
thing which could kill Reiner: a silver-tipped Stake
which has been blessed by a holy man. Alas, there is
only one such in the Castle, and it is kept by my
deadliest enemy, Lothar the Castellan. He has been
plotting against my life for months now. I beg you to
kill him for me, and then you can obtain the Stake
and kill Reiner. Lothar will never give you the Stake
freely!' Will you agree to go and kill Lothar (turn to
198) or refuse to kill the man (turn to 248)?
120
TRUEHEAL is a powerful spell which will regain
lost STAMINA points for you, up to one half of your
Initial STAMINA (rounding odd numbers up). So
for example, if your Initial STAMINA was 17, the
spell will heal g lost STAMINA points. You can cast
it at any time, except during a combat. Return to
102
Ke = Lae 8 # et A
j ae jit
ea
sss
121-122
121
You must fight the two wolves together here. On
each Attack Round, roll two dice to determine the
Attack Strength of yourself and of each wolf. The
combatant with the highest Attack Strength of the
three will get in a damaging sword-blow or bite
during that Attack Round. If you manage to strike
one of the wolves, roll one die to see which wolf you
hit. Ona roll of 1-3, you strike and wound the first
wolf; ona die-roll of 4-6, you strike and wound the
second wolf. The wolves run around and dartin and
out at you, so it's a matter of luck which one you
strike!
SKILL STAMINA
First WOLF 6 5
Second WOLF 7 8
If you win, but not before the second wolf has bitten
you at least once, turn to 266. If you win without
being bitten by the second wolf, turn to 314
122
Your FAITH is useless against this Stench Ghoul, a
creature fired by a malice that has grown insatiable
over years of imprisonment, so you must fight!
Because of the nauseous stench, you must subtract 2
from your SKILL for the duration of this combat
only
STENCH GHOUL SKILL 8 STAMINA 9
If the Stench Ghoul hits you three times, turn at
once to 127. If you win, turn to 180

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i Sane qu [Ee iy att alate ie
a Soa | Ue ee ae Hi ily? i eal en
a i : a | SOT | i alll phe i ae ah
i ip me (lll Tae |The sat * i a
ee a = a
Se os ty 3 ee calait 1
secs MER os ga ec eee FG
oe EE ie em Cu) Hi
I: . ted a FP iti oly = ALOT ie ied a
Pek Pit | yi ee = Ar te eh) flies
i ree | 'a = = . sa fe ic - i cl ia
ae ST, ifm eS mere i ae es il
"St ea ale ee
a ity a re Po = - 4
oe ail = fe aa He pei | -- =
oe ii porate Wilders eee eee
f ae Seed. too a. och et A es ac
7 = magh ts fee Tap | (eee Bee ste La Reema er ean
=a SOF eres el i Beech Lynas, agit Nate
Sere fase fe reat ALI Witeeee i ise, wal ac
aes Any yess 4 alias it a behest Cala
123-125
123
There is a group of obscure runes on the plaque
you manage to decode them into letters, but they
don't make sense, You puess that they have to
spell out sore phrase, hidden within these let-
ters, to release a magical lock on the chest and so
felease the treasure within. Whatever is in there
must be of great value to be protected like this!
The letters read
Gfgfho sid bqnnvq pe Thffgqjde
sid dgbho Ibhm ng sid wzmhbmu nod
ugsdf gvmeqfc bme ejeux tdqzszud mhojt
ng ejmfru zslptsdsr dqbeu
Simple, isn't it? When you have decoded the trans-
¢ription, you will know the number referred to
there; turn to the paragraph with the same number
to claim the treasure inside the chest, which you can
do by whispering the name of the person referred
to. If you decide to give up and leave this fine
treasure behind, heading for the Crypt, turn to 191
!
The Wraith strikes at you with its chilling talons. Do
you have a Magic Sword? If you do, turn to 200. If
you don't, turn to 231
125
This speil is useless. Although skeletal, this is a
specially enchanted monster, not-an undead crea-
ture. You will have to fight it. Turn to 22

--- PAGE BREAK ---

126
126
You cough and the man, having woken, looks up
nervously at you. He offers you bread and some hot
soup from a pan by the fire (this will restore 4 lost
STAMINA points), and tells you who he is and what
heis doing here. -
The forester, Barandrun, says that he was once a
wattior, but that he tired of battle and bloodshed
Now he prefers to live alone, at peace with the
creatures of the forest. Now, however, they have
mostly disappeared, and this saddens and worries
him. He is sure that it is the evil from Castle Heyd-
rich that is frightening them away. You feel con-
fident that you can tell him about your quest. He
commends you on your bravery and says that he
may be able to help you a little. He knows that there
is at least one good man in the Castle who might be
helpful. Lothar, the Castellan of the Castle, used to
be friendly with Barandrun. 'But I have not seen
him in some months; I do not even know if he still
lives. Perhaps he too has fallen under the Count's
sway, or been done away with. Butif you meet him, -
he may be able to help you.'
Barandrun also gives you a gift: a string of cloves of
garlic which he gets from a small herb-garden at the
back of his cottage. At his urging you place this
OO a ooo
127-129
round your neck; add Garlic to your Possessions
Barandrun offers you a safe place to stay. If you
didn't sleep at the Gnome's hut, you must sleep
here (recover 4 lost STAMINA points). Whether or
not you sleep here, you resume your journey in the
afternoon: turn to 228
127
The third and final hit by the Ghoul paralyses you
and the repulsive thing settles down to eat your
immobile body. You are still conscious as you are
eaten alive, a horrible end to your adventure!
128
You unlock the rusty door and encounter darkness
beyond; you need a light-source here. Stepping in
you make out a number of suits of armour and
military trophies round the wall -a stag's head with
spreading antlers, the bristly head of a huge wild
boar, and others. The room is dank and dusty and
cobwebs hang everywhere. Suddenly there is a
rusty clank and one suit of plate mail, armed witha
bardiche, trundles towards you! You can stand and
fightit (turn to 153) or try to slam the door and lock it
behind you, evading this magical creation (turn to
215
129
You are able to strike at the cowering Wraith before
itcan attack you. Turn to 200 and deduct 2 points of
stamina from the total given there for the Wraith to
allow for the damage inflicted by your first strike

--- PAGE BREAK ---

'
130
130
You step back quickly to avoid a small cloud of green
gas that has been released from a crushed vial; this
soon disperses, so you advance cautiously to in-
vestigate what the Count has hidden here. You find
a bundle of letters from various of the Count's
Mauristatian servants; the authorities there will be
interested in these! You also find, wrapped in a
white silk cloth, an ornate crystal vial containing a
colourless, odourless liquid. From markings on the
vial you suspect this might be Holy Water which the
Count has hidden in order to keep it away from
i anyone trying to use itagainst him. You take this, so
add Holy Water to your Possessions. Lastly, you
i pick up an exquisite gold brooch set with rhodo-
chrosites and a topaz; this is worth 7 Gold Pieces
il so add it to your Treasure. Now you open the safe
turn to 271
131
a | ae
= oe: a
131
You enter a lounge where nondescript carpets and
plain wooden furniture litter the scene. You notice
herbs and other plants, and an open door to the
wall-hangines displaying a bewildering variety of
west. From that doorway a man enters; he looks
absent-mindedly at you. He is middle-aged and has
a mane of greying black hair tapering to a widow's
peak above his face, which is dominated by his pale
green eyes. He is dressed simply in white and grey
robes, and he carries a tray with a decanter and
goblets, which he puts down as he greets you. 'Iam
Gunthar Heydrich. What is your business here?' he
asks you. He seems kindly enough. Will you talk to
him (turn to 15), or attack him, being distrustful of
any member of the Heydrich family (turn to 92)?

--- PAGE BREAK ---

132-133
132
Slumped over the remains of the Count, you are
awakened from your exhausted reverie by the voice
of Nastassia calling to you. You unchain her (if you
haven't done so already). Her deep blue eyes look
into yours, and then she throws her arms round
you, calling down blessings on you for saving her
from a terrible fate. By a stroke of good fortune she is
a healer, and she attends to your wounds expertly
recover 4 lost STAMINA points. You tell her how
glad you are that you have freed her from the evil
Vampire Count; but Nastassia's eyes grow wide and
she cries out, 'Oh no, it wasn't he who was going to
kill me. It was his sister!' You have a sinking sensa-
tion in the pit of your stomach . . . and then she is
here, standing in the room before you, gazing
straight into your eyes! If you have met Katarina
Heydrich before, turn to 176. If you haven't met her
before, turn to 66
133
The bats surround you, and you can't see anything
as you try to fight them off. Their wicked little teeth
are bloodied by feeding on something - or perhaps
someone. There are too many to fight; you have to
retreat back down the stairs. You can try to climb up
to the bell tower again, hoping the bats will have
flown off (return to 33} or go back to the main
courtyard (turn to 380
= J
1347135
a Sar a
ue
Karl-Heinz agrees to brew the potion for a reduced
fee, but he will take all the Treasure you' ve got! Turn
to 79
135
You search this room and pick up some small trink-
ets worth 4 Gold Pieces; add these to your Treasure
There is only one other door in this room, in the
west wall, so you decide to open it. Test your Luck: if
you are Lucky, turn to 315; if you are Unlucky, turn
to 253
ce
a
hae. is a aL
4

--- PAGE BREAK ---

5
u A ap
tt iad Se ety eet Ps eam he
ae 4! i | We: i lib li: Ridee | aes ie saa i
al eta : iM peel 5 Wee HU
=!|t Fee eg pa oe Des | aa M. i
wee. tice [hee Pa oie ae | Veh "ll
ie bi es ial as Sa hy, ie
oe oh ek ae
Betti. fT, BT, ae ees *
= if 2 Se Re ee oO Hy a =
rae St ee a a alah =
a sein avian ps iy thle dalle a
oe ae oa ad Hee sail Beta oc iit oy
i is! ie "a Vag! oy ene epi ea
SSS SS aE
136-138
136
A great shadow suddenly darkens the passage. A
massive snarling rat, as big as a large dog, is gallop-
ing down the passageway towards you. Its red eyes
glow with malice and, although one of its chisel-like
yellow incisor teeth is partly chipped off, it still looks
as if a bite could be most unpleasant! It is so quick
that you have no time to run, you must fight
GREAT RAT SKILL 7 STAMINA 8
If you win, turn to 97
137
' Drinking red wine in a Vampire's castle? This is not
red wine, this is blood, and it seems to be still warm!
You spitit out in horror. Lose 1 FAITH point. Taking
no more risks, you head for the west door. Turn
to 45
138
You clamber aboard the small boat, but it has no
oars - and no sail or rudder either - and it simply
won't budge. You climb out again to look for some-
thing to use as an oar - but when you do, the little
vessel drifts out into the river and remains, station-
ary, in mid-stream. You wade in again and try to get
to it, but every time you approach, it moves away
from you of its own accord! Itis obviously a magical
craft-and you can't control it. You'll have to wade
across after all. Turn to 187

--- PAGE BREAK ---

139-140
Oe
it IO ay OS
a, hy eee ae BY Nee eat
139
Roll two dice and add 3 to the total. If the result is
less than or equal to'your SKILL, you just manage to
shut the door and get out: turn to 320. If the result is
it greater than your SKILL, you can't escape in time
and you must fight, so turn to 52
140
i The Vampire recoils in disgust from the garlic round
il your neck and lashes out at you in frustration!
Deduct 2 points from your STAMINA, but the charm
is broken. Count Reiner Heydrich is looming very
close to you, so you have to fight him with your
sword. You can use the Greatstrike spell if you wish
to and if you possess this spell (turn to 346), or just
set about you with your weapon immediately (turn
to 26
4 E
141-143
141
The gates are made of solid, inch-thick iron bars
you cannot open them. Roll one die and add 2: if the
totalis less than or equal to your FAITH, turn to 192
if itis greater than your FAITH, turn to 243
142
As you rummage around, one of the arms on the
shelves suddenly grabs your arm and holds it quite
firmly. It is not hurting you, but it won'tlet go. You
can try to hack at the limb with your sword, since it
isn't grasping your sword-arm (turn to 96}, or just
i stay put and see what happens (turn to 38
is a
' - 143
You strike at Katarina with your sword, but it
" doesn't harm her! Laughing, she draws an ice-blue
dagger to strike at you. Unable to hit her, you run
for the door, but at her command a large rug wraps
itself round your legs and brings you down heavily
As it enmeshes and begins to choke you, Katarina
brings over a heavy copper bowl, places it under
your throat, and fingers her dagger, laughing! Your
adventure is over!

--- PAGE BREAK ---

144-145
144
The eyes of the portrait turn red and blood begins to
seep from the canvas! This is certainly unnerving
but you overcome your fear. Now will you
Search this room? Turn to 193
Leave, and open the door at the
east end of the corridor? Turn to 351
Leave, and follow the corridor
round to the south? Turn to 166
145
Katarina laughs, brushing aside the useless object
and slashes at you with her dagger. Lose 2
STAMINA points. Turn to 164
yh Na aaa
Laer ted!
Pir hl
Oe
146-147
a os =
pane hay a
Pe a
a
cee ho =
146
The Sage whips out a Silver Key from a waistcoat
pocket after taking your fee. You notice that the key
has the number 378 engraved on it. 'That'll get you
in,' he says. 'Back down the corridor to the west
turn right, and open the north door with this.'
Return to 75
147
As you advance, you sense there is something
wrong with your footing - and you just manage to
step back in time from a covered pit trap! Skirting
round it, you continue safely along the corridor
Turn to 157
ee SSS eeEOOOOOOOOOEEeEeeEeEeEeeO

--- PAGE BREAK ---

a
cu" E ra "ae a 'ce : "a 4
i es kid Ore ei ee 'a ot
T aad oe i cq Sis
ae E hk
i a ae fn i ir so be atic yeaa
Fie se Mita Mae ee i oe aa
She hay yaa Wak poli ey ed
cs en Pe ae eri =
ye ie i] an ei Pe Se : ae rr 4
2 el eee ereeey aie Ce Pe any ie
12: Ga eee Doel ope | ora a
Pe he as ieee pe alent? ig aca ie
"ey aS ae a Se
pe fa Se FF F ah 3 Seem!
feu : eget i aa eee ee pa up| A
te esas i hea is Ane fade cals pln Ah i
a ee A ant ae f- 2 es (a
ae Ha ain Pahari F iy fs hipey a a
eee i mii te aa i a
AL yoke fs ee | il} one
cl Cha eal i 7, AA ! H 'd ie = a
oe ee eS Be
Fe saa } ' a NVA = oF he oe ae =a in
i rei ee ee ee #, Fas, a me ee
i * : ee
-----------
148
148
People are eager to tell you how to get to the Castle!
They warn you that the road the carriage travels on
is very unsafe; only that ghostly vehicle can traverse
it safely. They point out that there is a trail heading
north-east through the forest and that this leads to
the Castle. If you are lucky you may avoid the
- forest's wild animals; there is a forester's cottage
' along the way where you could rest and sleep
You'll have to cross the river, though; the one-
armed man in the tavern gives you 2 Gold Pieces for
the fee the ferryman will ask of you
You set off along the trail and soon you find yourself
enveloped in the forest. The branches of the trees
seem to be twisted and contorted into grotesque
shapes, and in the distance owts hoot and wolves
howl. The forest floor is bare of plant cover, and
your boots crunch on the gravelly earth. It grows
lighter, perhaps dawn is approaching - and then an
arrow whistles past your ear and embeds itself in a
tree trunk! In the gloom to your left you see a large
bear lumbering towards you, and to one side a slim
figure is nocking ancther arrow to a longbow, ready
to fire at you! Will you
Attack the archer? Turn to 246
Attack the bear? Turn to 295
Try to parley with the figure
whoever it is? Turn to 344
Make a run for it and try to
get away? Turn to 197
BR

--- PAGE BREAK ---

149-150
149
What will you try to use? Will you strike the organ
with
Your sword? Turn to 175
The heavy bunch of candlesticks? = Turn to 203
Some other object? Turn to 261
150
You are now fighting a direly evil undead creature
and the Baobhan Sith casts a spell at you! Determine
whether you or the Baobhan Sith has the higher
Attack Strength for this Attack Round (the Baobhan
Sith has a SKILL of 9). If you have the higher Attack
Strength, you strike her and spoil her spell; turn to
3 263 to finish the fight, subtracting 2 from the
STAMINA total given there for the Baobhan Sith
because of this hit. But if the Baobhan Sith has the
higher Attack Strength, then she will cast her spell
and evade your blow, so turn to 207
2 Ache =
oa ee at eee i
=
151-152
151
You are in luck, Wilhelm Heydrich, the poor idiot
cousin of the Count, is fairly lucid today. He is
happy to have a guest and soon you are drinking
Analandian sherry as Wilhelm talks about his
cousin. 'He won't havea mirror in the place, will he?
He's terrified of a silver mirror! I've no idea why
There's one in the relaxation room just beyond the
dining-room, and you'll never find Reiner lurking in
' there, oh no!' He gulps greedily at the fortified
wine. 'And, then, old Siegfried's stuff frightens the
living daylights out of him - well, it's not quite the
tiving daylights, is it? The sword, you know, he's
especially frightened of that. Hid it himself after he
did away with Siegfried, in a book, believe it or not
Don't know about the armour. But he took the
shield up into the tower, down there -' he points to
the corridor. Wilhelm is drinking heavily now and
beginning to ramble, so you say goodbye to him and
leave. Back in the corridor, you decide to check the
towerand the shield Wilhelm mentioned, so you go
to the south end of it and open the door on the east
side there. Turn to 252
J 152
' Roll two dice. If the total is less than or equal to your
SKILL, turn to 250. If itis greater than your SKILL
you are too slow and must fight: turn to 103

--- PAGE BREAK ---

153-155
153
The Animated Armour advances upon you and
while the cleaver-like bardiche blade is rusted, it still
looks sharp enough to cause an unpleasant wound!
ANIMATED ARMOUR SKILL8 5TAMINAQ
lf you win, there is nothing of value or interest here
- all is rusted and useless. You can try the door on
the east side across the balcony (turn to 302) or the
one at the far southern end of the balcony (turn to
244
154
There are two doors in this bare chamber, so you
decide to open one of them. Will it be the door in the
i south corner of the west wall (turn to 294) or the
silver-handled door in the middle of the south wall
turn to 131)?
155
There is little point in casting this spell, since Katar-
ina is very near you and in any event she isn't going
to run away! She lashes out at you; lose 2 STAMINA
points. Now you must fight with your sword, so
turn to 164
oe
! 156-158
156
You make a lucky find in the middle of all the junk -
a crystal vial with silver filigree banding worth 4
Gold Pieces (add this to your Treasure). You return
to the entrance hall, and here you can open the
north door (turn to 101) or take the east passage
turn to 256
! 157
Some ten feet along the corridor you stand before
two doors, one on either side of you. The door to the
north has a dusty plaque which you read after
clearing away the cobwebs; it says simply: 'Boris the
Dnunkard'. This does not sound too promising. The
southern door has a plaque which reads: 'Chancel-
lor Conrad Schmidt, the meanest man in Mort-
vania'. Ahead of you, you can see a T-junction with
north and south turnings, and also a door at the
end. Will you
Enter the tomb of Boris the
Drunkard? Turn to 210
i Enter the tomb of Chancellor
Schmidt? Turn to 359
Move on to the T-junction
ignoring these doors? Turn to 230
158
The only spells of use here are Greatstrike (to cast
this, turn to 346) or Jandor's Bolt (to cast this, turn to
76). If you have neither spell available, turn back to
274 to select another method of attack
a =

--- PAGE BREAK ---

fs ete oii
Sas ils
u std GR Pees i ei Bi
a ._ ee se oe ee
a il Me eee ga Se
iy ( \ - ie Jie ey ' Se
es: | a 'g Poe a i ee Ea. a
a. |Poe | Perea a. "tf i ee
2 Line: SE ty i a ge ac
be 3 og SG A RE
a Spe ee
Bat ay an | | U beth eel 5 Mi Vea ee
eee, | ee (ie g fee ae 4
eA aie Me ES Hu i
ie aos ee ow er gee ll
159-160
159
You climb the stone steps, cobwebbed and filthy
past growths of mould and fungus on the walls, and
ascend to the top of the tower. Moonlight streams
into the circular chamber through tinted glass, and
it seems almost as if the shadows in this place are
skulking and watching. Opposite you, bathed in
moonlight, is a young girl sprawled across a chair
bound by her wrists and ankles with a mesh of fine
cobwebs - but they could be a lot stronger than they
look, perhaps even magical. She is very pretty in-
deed, with long curly auburn hair and a fine
smooth complexion. Roll one die and add 4. If the
result is less than or equal to your FAITH, turn to
225. If the result is greater than your FAITH, turn
to 269
160
GREATSTRIKE is a spell that is usable in combat
when you wield a sword. You cast the spell before
you strike and, if you have the higher Attack
Strength and land a blow on your enemy in that
Attack Round, your blow does 4 extra points of
i damage. If you do not land a blow in the Attack
Round when you use the spell, though, the spell is
useless. And you must decide if you want to use this
spell before you throw the dice to find out who has
the higher Attack Strength! Return to 102
ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

161-164
161
You open the door with your keys and enter a bare
stone antechamber, decorated with wall-carvings of
rats, bats and wolves. Opposite you is a door and
from a narrow slit along its base, baleful red light
spills out from a chamber beyond. Roll one die. If
you roll 1 or 2, turn to 279. If you roll 3 or 4, turn to
325. [Eyou roll 5 or 6, turn to 356
162
You pay the Gnome '- deduct .2 Gold Pieces from
your Treasure -and he takes you across. He doesn't
need to row, he just whispers to his magical boat
and it drifts straight across! You get out on the
opposite bank. Turn to 383
163
The rats nip you with their sharp, yellowed teeth -
lose 2 STAMINA points; but you get out safely and
shut them in behind you. Now you can head for the
Crypt, if you haven't been there already (turn to 90
or head for the brass doors to the north (turn to 2
164
Conduct the combat normally by turning back to
106. Your opponent is not actually a Vampire, so if
you have the magical sword, Nightstar, you can
claim a bonus of only 1 to your SKILL in this combat
i
165-167
165
The tentacles of the mist creature wrap round your
throat and you can feel the sensation of small but
sharp needles digging into your flesh! If you have
the Curse of the Healer, turn to 100. Otherwise, turn
to 6
166
Looking down the corridor, you see that there are
doors opposite each other on the west and east sides
halfway down, and then another door on the east
H side right at the end. Will you
Open the first east door? Turn to 118
Open the east door at the end of
the corridor? Tui to 252
Open the west door? Turn to 240
167
The Vampire has charmed you; you cannot attack
him! He steps down, triumphantly, and his fangs
are bared as he reaches for your throat. Are you
-Wearing garlic? If you are, turn to 140. If you aren't
j turn to 72
a a a rg

--- PAGE BREAK ---

168-169
168
Having overcome the guardian here, you snatch up
a couple of silvered crystal birds which are small
enough to carry. These are worth 3 Gold Pieces for
the pair (add them to your Treasure). Now Test your
Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 385. If you are
Unlucky, turn to 270
y 64-6 ae
169
You find the jar and rush back with it to Karl-Heinz
the Alchemist. "Wonderful," he says, grabbing it
with glee. 'The final ingredient for my potion of
longevity! I'll soon be young again, And Ihave your
potion ready too." You gulp down the evil-smelling
thick green sludge he gives you. Itis utterly disgust-
ing and gives you severe stomach cramps; lose 4
STAMINA points. But after resting for a while, you
find that it has worked -- no more (Major) Lycan-
thropy Affliction! You thank the Alchemist for
his help and return to the corridor, north of the
entrance hall. From here, will you
Open the north door? Turn to 332
Open the west door? Turn to 221
Go down the eastern side-passage? Turn to 353
= -= =
170-171
170
Attempting to escape is hopeless; the wolves are
much faster than you and can track your scent. As
you run, you stumble and fall (lose 1 STAMINA
point) and the first wolf bites you as you are getting
up (lose 2 more STAMINA points}. You must fight
so turn to 121
171
You run for the south door, fumbling with the keys
Lose 3 STAMINA points caused by rat-bites; if you
are still alive, your trembling hands manage to slip
the key into the lock; turn to 244
bari <4 ce
ae SOs ae
I ___-___________>

--- PAGE BREAK ---

7 oes ee tif ey Eres | me. =
ce a ee ea eo ; "el
aS sictial, A sey eS
ae I eels Lee EL ik Lata nae eay | 7 ca at path a
Fetes) SweE es "yy eta as a es
ny) os " LF regeceeralar BM iam
FTE La luale ce | eo ER Cosa a ee fu
ee Baia Sak Mish a a a a ge. ed
Sy ge tks. ITE ete, a Ai a se ee be
Hi rise a| aN nis il i ba ictal im
ae oD ns ni ieee oa er yd Tae 'us
iff | Pan ta Lia i a Pe : ie et J fi
Hic er 5 eet, ea | HE eg Flea
ao | eerie! pay ee | a Pope: Pe Teer
a a gis ae wa ef te
Saree ee seats Pcie ne
if A oe oP a. 5 a oh ae to | Lit l, ny =
Se eee it, i. > ae Ate
a We Pig hort - i acy aM
a ct) a: eile all ai, som -
a 2 ae = (oh alee
oo St eas Dee al Fe vill Qo
- a | i meet a a ae
et aha) sere 2 es"
ee, Sees BRE es oa ve Saeed ae ll
-<- oS eee ee
172174
172
You push open the door and come upon a scene of
domestic homeliness - a cook and two servants at
worktables preparing food. However, there is an
unpleasant smell mixed in with that of the food: a
vile, rotting smell which catches at the back of your
throat. The workers look up at you with mindless
eyes - and you see at once that they are Zombies!
Roll one die and add 2. If the result is less than or
equal to your FAITH, turn to 238. If the result is
greater than your FAITH, tum to 275
173
You wound the Spectre before it can fully material-
ize. Turn to 298 to finish the fight, and you may
subtract 2 from the STAMINA total given there for
the Spectre as a result of this initial blow
174
You clamber into the coach, and the horses set off at
a gallop- making no sound as they move! You settle
back into a comfortable seat draped in black. Look-
ing through the heavy purple-curtained windows
you see nothing outside but thick swirling fog, but
the wolf-howls you hear send shivers down your
spine. Roll one die and add 2 to the number rolled. If
é the total is less than or equal to your FAITH, turn to
t 223. If the total is greater than your FAITH, you
i continue your journey until the coach stops, close
by the Castle, and allows you to dismount before
vanishing into the fog; turn to 362

--- PAGE BREAK ---

175-176
i i = rc, o eee
"tik | Fig Eis -
pee a fee F
Vf, pt
175
Your sword is quite useless against something of
this size; you don't know where to strike to cause
any effective damage. Lose 2 STAMINA points from
I tat-bites before you give up and flee north; turn to
335-
176
If Katarina has tried to charm you before and failed
turn to 20. If she has tried to charm you before and
succeeded, turn to 276. If she has not tried to charm
you previously, turn to 293
i wer |, = -- al
OO Et
177-178
177
You find enough hot soup for a meal. This must be
eaten here; you cannot carry it with you (restore 4
points of STAMINA). You find a drawer in a table
and take out a bag containing 5 Gold Pieces - but
you also prick your finger on a discoloured needle
inside the drawer. You must record Slow-acting
Poison in the Afflictions Box on your Adventure
Sheet; this will affect you until you can find a cure for
it, It works as follows: every time you have to fight
at the beginning of the combat you must subtract 1
point from your current STAMINA, and also 1 point
from your Initial stAMINa! Thus you will gradually
become severely weakened. Only if you can find a
treatment to cure you of this Affliction will you be
able to restore your Initial sramM1iNa to the level you
started with
If you didn't sleep at the Gnome's house, you must
sleep here now, since you are very tired. When you
are Teady to continue, you travel on through the
afternoon; turn to 228
178
The Vampire reappears in the room in human form!
Add 8 points to the STAMINA score he had when he
escaped. Fight him again, and if you manage to
reduce his STAMINA score to 4 or below once more
turn at once to 242
ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

179-182
179
The silver bell radiates a sense of goodness to
you. You look it over carefully, and inside the bell
you find a name etched: SIEGFRIED HRYDRICH
Although it could raise an alarm, on impulse you
ring the bell; turn to 280
180
Wiping the last of the slime from the Stench Ghoul
off your sword, you take a quick look around and
find a leather bag in the sarcophagus. This contains
5 Gold Pieces, which you add to your Treasure
Now you can try to open the tomb of Boris the
Drunkard, if you haven't already investigated it
turn to 210), or head down the corridor to the
T-junction (turn to 230
181
Roll one die. If you roll 1 or 2, turn to 136. If you roll
any other number, turn to 47
182
You open the door. . . and trigger a magical trap
There is a searing flash of light and heat; lose 4
STAMINA points. You are partially blinded and
can barely see into the darkened room beyond
However, you can just make out the shape of a
four-armed skeletal figure with glowing green eye-
sockets, armed with a scythe, bearing down upon
you. You can either fight it, weakened as you are
turn to 52) or try to shut the door and flee (turn to
139
---_-SSao_o___------__a-_au.. 2. Qc» cxc"_"
183-184
183
Karl-Heinz refuses your offer. "You don't get basi-
lisk livers and squid ink for nothing, you know. I've
got costs to cover,' he laments. He looks thoughtful
then continues: 'T'll tell you what. In the kitchens
there are some herbs ] want, but theyre protected
by the Count's guards. Go and get them for me and
I'll make up the potion for you in return. There are
lots of jars there, but there's only one | need
They're all numbered, and I want jar number 169
Go and get it for me.' He tells you how to get to the
kitchens; leave by the west door in his room, go back
to the entrance hall, through the north door, and
take the first door to the east in the corridor beyond
Make a note of the jar number he needs in the Notes
box on your Adventure Sheet
You take your leave and go back to the north-south
corridor outside the Alchemist's room. You could
open a door opposite you in the west wall if you
haven't already done so (turn to 240), go to the
south end of the corridor and open the door in the
east wall there (turn to 252) or return to the entrance
hall and open the north door there (turn to 101
184
Having destroyed the loathsome remains of Doktor
Faustus, do you want to
Finish searching this room? Turn to 142
Leave here and open the eastern
door? Turn to 371
Leave and open the southern door? Turn to 8
iE

--- PAGE BREAK ---

wi fl haat aor anes Ui ht
ae eas aaa hai ee : rial
A WS eee el Mu ey if : apt
cee | Ne ee Me gl AE | i te aoe
! I aaa aN) Ak hie ae or | gl bite i "hel
ES a Mie Ma ca ET Tal icc Sealer I
ji ae Ae 'hy Soren
ates oa =Hics ee at
oe ESS
185-187
185
The Sage ponders. 'Ah yes, a young woman was
dragged in recently, and the Count had her taken
down to the Crypt. He keeps people prisoner down
there, and then either drinks their blood or hands
them over to Katarina. Funny creature, Katarina
can be very charming at times!' He looks almost
fond at the thought of Katarina. Return to 75
186
The bat's vicious bite strikes home on your already
injured neck, and the hateful flapping menace rips
your jugular open. You collapse in agony as your
life's blood pours away on to the floor. Your quest
ends here
187
You step carefully on the stony bed of the shallow
river, wary of pitfalls. You have nearly crossed to
the other side when suddenly you see a slithering
shape come snaking across the water towards you
and a yellowish green serpentine back is visible just
under the surface of the water. You can stay where
you are and fight the River Snake (turn to 236) or
try to outrun the reptile and get to the bank (turn
to 285
eeeeeeEeEeEeeE-e---E--eEEE

--- PAGE BREAK ---

188-190
188
Gunthar stares intently at the book with the magical
page. 'But this is Siegfried's sword!' he says in
amazement, looking at the page. 'Some great sor-
cery has imprisoned it within this book!' Then he
becomes unhappy and tells you that the only way
he can think of to free it would be to enlist the aid of
Katarina's magic. 'She will ask some service of you
in return - I shudder to think what it might be,' he
says, adding that Reiner's sister is every bit as evil as
the Count himself. Gunthar sits down with his head
in his hands, despairingly. He may be too depressed
to do anything, but you are a warrior and you are
here with a purpose! You return to the landing and
open the west door there. Turn to 294
189
Do you have a Crucifix and/or the Shield of Faith? If
you have at least one of these items, turn to 220. If
you have neither, turn to 259
190
You are too slow! The Zombies are upon you before
you can close the door and get away. Turn to 81
=
! 191-193
191
You reach the landing, hurry down the stairs and
make your way back to the courtyard. You take out
the Crypt Key and head towards the forbidding
Crypt with its heavy, iron-railing gates and leering
gargoyle heads. A huge shadow looms over you
and you spin around in panic - but it is just a
low-flying bat, silhouetted against the moon. The
moonlight is a sickly, diseased yellow tonight, and
there are other flittering things in the pale light and
the shadows round you. Do you have the Major
Lycanthropy Affliction? If you do, turn to 204. Ifyou
don't, turn to 43
192
Your efforts to penetrate the Crypt don't go un-
noticed, Drifting up the steps comes a tiny, dwarf-
like, spectral figure, black and almost featureless
You can sense the chilling evil in the atmosphere
which cloaks it; its tiny black claws reach out for
you! Will you
Fight the Shadow? Turn to 292
Run to the south doors (if you
have not done so already)? Turn to 18
Run to the northerly brass doors? Turn to 2
193
Roll two dice. Ef the total is less than or equal to your
SKILL, turn to 249. If it is greater than your SKILL
turn to 300
-- >>> ESS

--- PAGE BREAK ---

194-196 =-
194
The Forcewall keeps the Major Thassaloss at bay
but not for long, Ahead of you, you can see that the
corridor leads to steps which descend to the north
east and south, and you make for one set of steps
compelling the Thassaloss to keep its distance from
you with your magical aid. Turn to 224 to decide
which set of steps to take; but you must make a note
that, if you have to return back up a set of steps, the
Thassaloss will still be lurking here and you will have
to fight it, turning to 22 to do so, unless you destroy
Count Reiner Heydrich the Vampire before you
return!
195
The scream of the Baobhan Sith is horrifying and
blood-curdling. You are dreadfully weakened by it
half paralysed, you cannot resist as she walks over
to you and draws a razor-sharp dagger from her
dress to slay you!
196
Lothar tells you to keep away from Katarina; she is
dangerous, and taking on both her and her brother
would be extremely difficult. He says that if you
could destroy Reiner, then he and Gunthar, the
healer who is Reiner's brother, could probably deal
with Katarina. He says he also has some items of
value to you; turn to 116
197-199
197
You min away into the forest. In your haste you drop
some supplies, so deduct 2 from your Provisions
Roll two dice and add 3 to the total. If the result is
less than or equal to your SKILL, you manage to
evade your pursuers and eventually you arrive ata
hut by the riverside (turn to 13). If the result is
greater than your SKILL, the bear and the archer
catch up with you, and you can either attack them
turn to 295) or parley with the figure with the bear-
a young woman, as you now see (turn to 344
198
Katarina smiles happily. She tells you to go into the
corridor, head south, and open the second door to
the east. Turn to 227
199
The woman laughs and produces an ice-blue dagger
from the folds of her dress. Fight her normally; she
has a SKILL of 10. If you manage to hit her four
times, turn to 226
mn = = =

--- PAGE BREAK ---

a. | saree ay gl Se eee
a = il ': Lj q i
! it Ta pee SD way i | af = he ie il
eer ee Pa a | if Fang
I | TaEE q Fr nnd
i a - for Pei
Doyo or hoA ath eres h i ri i L : Z ae hel
ee = r eee tt
sa 7a mere) f o va d fe iH er. 7 ra ae ar 4
sa 8, 4 Paar teers - i
i ee 2
ete fo ford ee 3 ae
ae ee Me Sl we Se
Ber Ee
S Seapeman oie Aner ees ee
ee ue rill Mah ORNS SS ate cl
pesca SIV Me eee
NO
200-202
200
The Wraith is a highly dangerous enemy, and your
sword-arm must serve you well in this combat!
WRAITH SKILL 8 STAMINA 9
If you win, but the Wraith has wounded you, turn
to 290. If you win without being hit at all, turn to
316
201
You try to strike at the Horseman with your sword
but he just laughs as your blade passes through thin
air! You cannot harm him. He whips the horses into
a gallop, leaving you standing, looking foolish
Your belief in your own abilities is shaken by such
an early failure; deduct 1 FAITH point. You need to
find another way to the Castle, so turn to 148
202
Poor young Wilhelm, cousin of the Count, is quite
mad, and you can get only scraps of information, of
doubtful value, out of him. He mutters about a
glowing sword hidden in a book, and other seem-
ing nonsense. You leave him to his ramblings and
try the door at the south end of the corndor. Turn
to 252
ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

203-204
203
You manage to lift the very heavy candlesticks with
a grunt and bring the massive weight down on the
organ keyboard, which collapses under the load
and splits the bellows in two. The music comes to a
screeching halt, Lose 1 STAMINA point from rat-
bites, but now the infernal din has stopped the rats
start milling around in confusion and they ignore
you. You can go through the north door here (turn
to 361) or leave and open the door at the southern
end of the balcony (turn to 244
204
Your transformation is now complete. Your lupine
form struggles to free itself of your leather armour
but you shake it off and run around in the yards
and corridors of the Castle, howling. Soon a great
bat flies overhead and swoops down; the Count has
come to take control of his new pet! Yours is a fate
worse than death
+ pop
eee oe
205-206
205
The Alchemist says little, although he does tell you
that he is empioyed by Katarina - the Counlt's sister
- to prepare potions and powders which enable her
to keep her youthful appearance, together with
another treatment which Karl-Heinz seems deliber-
ately to avoide mentioning. 'Katarina looks very
young for a woman of 76,' he mutters laconically
You can't really ask about the Count and how to kill
him (Karl-Heinz might tell someone what you're up
to!) and there's little else you can get out of him. But
he could be helpful to you if you have the (Major
Lycanthropy Affliction. If you do, turn to 318. If you
don't, you leave through the west door in this room
so turn to 373
206
You feel a horrid stinging sensation as the bat bites
you a second time. Add the Curse of the Bat to your
Afflictions box on your Adventure Sheet. As yet you
can feel no ill-effects from the bites, but vy-ho knows
what may happen to you later? Turn back to 45 to
finish the combat

--- PAGE BREAK ---

207-208
207
The evil magic-working woman points a single fore-
finger at you, and green shards of light shoot from
her hand and surround your body. They sink into
you and you feel chilled, faint and weak. Deduct 3
points from your STAMINA, and you must also
subtract 2 points from your SKILL - but the SKILL
loss (alone!) is temporary; it will last until you have
fought three battles (including this one), so you
should record this in the Notes box on your Adven-
ture Sheet now. Now you close to fight with her, so
turn to 263
208
Your weapon is useless against the Spectre, which
strikes you; you lose 2 STAMINA points. You run
from the room, trying to get back to the balcony, and
the swiftly moving Spectre easily keeps pace with
you, striking at your back. Roll one die. If the
number rolled is a6, turn to 320. If you roll any other
number, turn to 365
209-210
209
'Well, there's poor young Wilhelm the cousin -- mad
as a hatter, you know. Quite harmless. Siegfried's
dead of course - Reiner's elder brother, he was
Count until he, ah, disappeared and Reiner took
over. Then there's Gunthar who lives upstairs; just
go right up and knock on the silver-handled door
He's a healer, so he says. Not a bad sort. Katarina
the Count's sister, she's a beautiful and peculiar
woman. Very capricious, with a temper like a wild-
cat, but quite captivating, too. She's got a lovely
suite of rooms upstairs at the end of the corridor
past the landing where you go up.' Return to 75
219
You unlock the door with your keys. It opens into a
small, bare, stone chamber, with a plain stone sar-
' cophagus in the centre. If you want to investigate
the sarcophagus, turn to 262. If you would rather
leave, you can either open the door to the Chancel-
lor's tomb, if you haven't already done so (turn to
359), or head down the corridor to the T-junction
turn to 230

--- PAGE BREAK ---

iu : fh ilar hh Tel aa li i
et ie 4 4 We | ee ia aay
ee a ES ud Ahi
aah =a. een : cil tee, [ae i th
seek eter emia oa an Rae ti ee
i "yi ve beesiek Bthle ist ik | ra ey tds] sald | i iy
leg sie Pad eee, Bee ie Wl
a k jlo can Meee a gaa ae ee ile hh t | a i itd
A Pasa fe ee oe ort ae A, = See a ore aa AL st
ony a i ii. oor) eke here lies, i Lig i as
etme le (oe pet sama 4P ip hae Ps ee | oP
het |) I a. if eet: bi a ook, a a: i "i
i ae bE 4 a oo igs aa r Wy a
ae # ei el es re | mii
ie Pe i a [ ais Lyre Fert ete le i
- Oe ge oe PF bis =| i ees l
ae ee ee aa a it
' ES = Bee a ee | ee Ci | 1
iat z ae oe ee * = a cial
ie Se: POE, bs rina al a =
a es Se ao Sate, ee eee
nO OQ-
211-212
211
The Gnome shows you to a bunk bed, where you
settle down to sleep - after wedging the door and
window shut to keep intruders out! You sleep well
recover 4 lost STAMINA points), but at about noon
you are suddenly awakened by a growling noise
and open your eyes in time to see a huge wolf
materializing in the room, formed out of a gas cloud
which has seeped under the door! You can grab
your pack and weapon and try to get to the door and
make a run for it (turn to 309) or stay and fight this
creature (turn to 260
212
In desperation, the Count will try to bite your throat
rather than batter you with his fists. You may sub-
tract 2 from his skILL when he tries this biting
attack. His bite causes normal damage (2 points) on
the first hit - unless you have the Curse of the
Healer (if you do, his bite causes double damage - 4
points!). If the Count bites you twice, turn at once to
268. If you win, turn to 339
er oe

--- PAGE BREAK ---

213-214
213
You prise open the heavy stone lid just far enough
to be aware of a glimmer of soft light inside. The
skeleton within, clad in rusted chainmail, has a
glowing longsword in his hands. Gently, you re-
move this and take it. It is a straightforward Magic
Sword: you may not add anything to your SKILL
when you use it, but at least with this weapon you
can harm Reiner Heydrich the Vampire! Add the
Magic Sword to your Possessions - unless you
already possess a Magic Sword, in which case you
leave this one behind. There is no extra value in
having a second one!
You leave and climb the stairs; from here, you can
descend the northerly stairs if you haven't already
done so (turn to 257) or descend the southerly stairs
turn to 161
3 a i -_ ct ee
214
You find nothing of interest or value, so you return
to the entrance hall. Here, you can open the north
door (turn to 101) or follow the east passage (turn to
256
-- TT aaa... .....aa_a_a_e_-_-_c>cht
215-216
ree
= Te if ch
215
Roll two dice. If the total is less than or equal to your
SKILL, turn to 283. If the total is greater than your
SKILL, turn to 153
216
You throw your Holy Water at the Vampire. Roll
one die and add 1, to get anumber between 2 and7
this is the number of points of damage the blessed
liquid does to the maddened undead creature
whose skin now seems to be on fire! If you have
another one available, you have time to throw a
second vial, with the same results; or you can attack
by sword (turn to 26) or spell (turn to 158). Keep a
note of how many points of STAMINA loss you have
already inflicted on the Count!
il
a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

217-218
Oe pel: '
el Ie [ieee el
é uy The
217
These Zombies - as you can see these pathetic
things must be - hesitate and allow you time to dash
up the stairs without having to ight. Turn to 311
218
One of the wolves stops to gobble down the food
subtract 2 meals from your Provisions. The larger
wolf, however, ignores the food and attacks you
snarling and drooling. Turn to 121, and fight the
second wolf only
a es_ee__Neeee- eS
219-220
219
You unlock the drawer, but you hear the sound of
splintering glass as you do so. You must Test your
Luck; if you are Lucky, turn to 430, but if you are
Unlucky, turn to 387
220
"You have the cross, but you lack the weapon to
destroy Reiner,' says Siegfried grimly. Do you have
the Book of Swords? If you have it, turn to that
paragraph which is one half the number of the
magical page in that book (so, if the magic page were
numbered 240, you would turn to paragraph 120). If
you don't have it, turn to 259
i pains MEF ee at
UA S27, RT
LA : ion og i ee gi ca i pa ibe
a --

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Tee WEE :t i
-- a
mB i ou ¥ ie vey iy ae
So ik eC a! mht Hil a ae | A P
benef ad goes Lee a Ht ih
aon a oni TTA | mae he
=e wade | va hi
Lae tae Aaa, Hl en he ek le aed
pie iy beet ae feels Pia
ee ee =a | Ge =e
i @ eek Be Lae il Aad mals Tare at
=. ER | be ea 2
ee ie Lea
Soe ay SS (EES i eee
ee on a a ae Bory be age at ee emo A ee
a | in pa me er =r Pig pane Ee coe? x
eee! Cg ee Le ees
+ aie air why a | ea hi et aa va an aia wet
Rana wat SS ro acon i: eee
he hg pa a ene oe ts, eat i: eee "Eel
at ees ee ES Seah in eee fe ee har en
ear f - ti ar sire iy Jae te ee te. ee sr ora
Pa os |e bee he Are Se
ae ease ep eho'
2 pee tek > as ee ee ae ee
ea -oeor 3 ee ree es cgeesaee
ee ee ee = Se eae het deat et le Sey eet
Sete eee she cea le ge ies pce
a ed siete easel oa Sys Hier cone, at Sear
peer! tye Caen Enh) oils poe Ea aan ce
pee en ie) eS sone eee ae
eee sete ag eee ee damier aa ee
ee a
or Speier lee rete eed een fie) oa aie ae
----eeeGO__OOeeee oo i iain EOE
221-222
221
You open the door into a large and plushly decor-
ated dining-room. A huge, centrally placed mahog-
any table is flanked by chairs; it groans under a
weight of silver cutlery, utensils and crystalware
laid out on lace cloths. Heavy drapes are drawn
across the windows to the west, and there is a large
tigerskin rug stretched out by the north wall; just
past this is a half-open door. Deciding to investigate
the room beyond, you walk past the rug, but you
hear a growl and a snarl, then the thing rises to its
feet and its eyes gaze at you with hostility! Snarling
fangs and claws and fur are about to fly at you, so
you must fight this unusual enemy!
TIGERSKIN RUG SKILL 7 STAMINA 7
If you win, you can take some treasure from this
room: some silver items small enough to carry
worth a total of 4 Gold Pieces (add these to your
Treasure). You look round the door to peer into the
next room; turn to 364
222
SHATTER is a spell which will destroy any one
creature that is made almost entirely of bones, such
as a Skeleton. You may cast it at any time during a
combat with such a creature. Return to 102
ns -

--- PAGE BREAK ---

223-225
223
Suddenly you feel a chill inside the carriage and
there, slowly appearing before you, is a ghost! The
spectral shape of a tall man with wavy black hair and
green eyes, his figure almost covered by a volumi-
nous black and purple cloak, sits smiling opposite
you. 'The Count is expecting you,' he smirks
'although your stay will be a very short one, | fear.'
He sits back and continues to smile in a leering
mocking way. Then the carriage lurches abruptly
and the ghostly apparition springs forward at you!
Roll one die and add 4 to the result. If the total is less
than or equal to your FAITH, turn to 321. Ifthe result
! 1s greater than your FAITH, turn to 272
224
Three sets of stairs lead downwards from the end of
the corridor: northwards, eastwards and to the
south. Each set of steps is dusty, the walls are
mildewed and the air is dank. A powerful sense of
evil seems to pervade even the nooks and crannies
here! Which set of steps will you follow? Will it be
The northem steps? Turn to 257
The eastern steps? Turn to 108
The southern steps? Turn to 161
225
You sense both a strong good and a strong evilin this
chamber, but you aren't certain which impression
comes from which area. Turn to 269
226-228
226
Katarina laughs at you again but this time her
cat-like eyes flare with anger. Roll one die and add 4
If the total is less than or equal to your FarTH, turn
to 286. If the total is greater than your FAITH, turn to
331
227
You open the door and stride into a spartan room
with just a couple of tables and plain chairs, a bunk
bed, and similar humble furnishings - a small chest
of drawers, a plain wardrobe, and the like. Looking
up from his writing-desk is a tall, well-built man in
his early thirties with light brown hair and brown
eyes. His crooked smile greets you as you enter
'Greetings, stranger, are you lost that you have
come to this wretched place?' he asks. If you are
charmed, you must attack him, so turn to 369; other-
wise, you can choose to attack him (turn to 369) or
talk with him (turn to 397
228
You head on through the afternoon into the darken-
ing evening, until finally you see a castle on top of a
steep hill. Roll two dice. If the total is less than or
equal to your SKILL, turn to 362. If itis greater than
your SKILL, turn to 277
aa
ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

229
229
From the body, a ghostly double of the man rises
and sits up, then moves out of the coffin to stand
before you. Towering over you, the shade of Sieg-
fried Heydrich stares grimly down and gestures for
you to follow him - pointing to the coffin! You lift
the lid and gently move the body aside. Your shak-
ing hands find a secret door in the base of the coffin
the gap is large enough for you to squeeze through
following the impatient ghost. You drop a few feet
down to a stone floor and, half crouching, using
your light-source you follow Siegfried's ghost along
a short, narrow passage which opens into a kind of
small sinrine. Siegfried points first to a small, rosy
quartz vial of colourless liquid. 'Holy water,' he
explains, 'you'll find that useful.' (Add Holy Water
to your Possessions.) Then Siegfried looks at a very
strange gilded bronze globe, lying on the white-
clothed table before you next to a silver chalice. Do
you have a Stake? If you do, turn to 304. If you don't
tumic 18g
t
E
230-231
i
230
At the eastern end of the corridor is a black door
i with heavy iron bands; at the sides, to north and
south, are small side-passages which also end ina
black wooden door. Checking them swiftly, you
find that the northern door has a plaque which
Wilhelm Heydrich'. The other doors have no dec-
reads: 'Doktor Pieter Faustus, Physician to Count
oration. Will you open
The north door? Turn to 255
The east door? Turn to 371
The south door? Turn to 8
231
Without a Magic Sword you cannot harm the
Wraith. You are forced to flee all the way back to
the entrance hall; the Wraith pursues you part of the
way, but avoids going too far into the light. Roll one
die; this is the number of times the Wraith strikes
you in the back as you run, and you lose 2 STAMINA
points for each hit! If you are still alive, you must roll
a second die. If this die-roll is 1-4, the Wraith has
drained you of part of your life energy: lose 1 $KILL
point. If the die roll is 5 or 6, you have escaped this
fate by sheer chance. You open the north door in the
entrance hall; tur to 101

--- PAGE BREAK ---

232-234
232
FORCEWALL conjures up an invisible sphere of
force around you which cannot be passed through
and which moves as you do. It can prevent enemies
from escaping; or it can keep enemies away from
you for a time, if you wish to use it as protection
You will be asked if you want to use this spell in
paragraphs when it is appropriate. Return to 102
233
You could try striking the silver bell. However, this
could be dangerous, since you might rouse guards
by the sound. If you want to ring the bell, turn to
280. If you would rather go back down to the
courtyard, turn to 380
234
Have you been charmed by Katarina? If you have
turn to 25. If you have not, turn to 84
-- eee ooooSEEOEOEOEO-O-meaaeaeaeaeaeaearyE
235-236
aes 1 eee ee oe
ge Ga Jee
NN Ne cer
ee rire
Peet aay
235
Gunthar thanks you profusely for returning his
book and rewards you with a magical potion of
healing which he has cunningly concealed in a
secret drawer in a cupboard. Add this to your
Possessions. You can drink this at any time, except
during a combat, and it will restore 4 lost STAMINA
points. Thanking Gunthar for this valuable gift, you
leave and open the wesi door on the landing; turn to
294
236
Your mobility is reduced as you are up to your knees
in water, so you must subtract 2 from your SKILL for
the duration of this combat
RIVER SNAKE SKILL 6 STAMINA 6
If the Snake wounds you twice, turn at once to 334
If you win, turn to 383
---S-EE ---- ESESESSS=_--ES=------ Sa

--- PAGE BREAK ---

237
237
Seeing that you are growing weak, little Nastassia
pluckily picks up a dagger from a nearby table and
comes to your aid. She will fight on your side with a
SKILL of 6
You are now in a three-way fight. In each Attack
Round, roll dice for all three fighters (yourself
Katarina, Nastassia) to see who has the highest
Attack Strength; this will be the combatant to get in
the effective, damaging blow in that Attack Round
Katarina will ignore Nastassia; she will continue to
strike at you in order to finish you off first!
If you win, turn to 4oo
!
238-239
238
The Zombies pick up knives and cleavers, but they
are keeping well away from you, You might be able
to get past them and through the entrance into tne
main kitchen and stores to the east if you try (if you
do, turn to 282) or will you
Attack the Zombies? Turn to 105
Leave and go to the north door
in the corridor? Turn to 332
Leave and open the west door
in the corridor? Turn to 221
Leave and take the eastern
passage off the corridor? Turn to 353
239
The Jelly is a foul, diseased thing and it infects you
with the early stage of a weakening, wasting dis-
ease. Lose 1 SKILL point. . . and things could get
worse later. Turn to 313 to finish the combat
= =--

--- PAGE BREAK ---

a ali A oe fh 1 eee l aie
ai EL i) if aie" ! i be MS 910
in ig ie ; ee ee Gi ei) al "i
oot ie jl i Lali i a! i| 4, ead read 'ey ay
ani 4 | | ibaa Laue fae
me ai fale it =n a ils
< Hy a : Ja tela oN i, * ite ene
ia | Hi ieee ft tear ae We Ae | ay ae ia A
ge | | Demet «(li | tae ee ee
fi ie Ae ee it id 1 =i do a ii ES iT
Pe. ac ast ip | P (ie ee
a a i \ Aa kee
at dh me | ya a Leen ae Te =a
ee Tee [Seated ein ee pe oa
ea | =e Rt ee!) 2 - ai
Sth! ie ae a
EM Ged | OS AS
pee va & a est : Sarit iy ae i | a
gga te aye
a aN eeee=e"n i
240
240
You open the door into a suite of rooms that are
cluttered with cushions, papers, toys, pictures and
all sorts of debris strewn all over the place! Marching
up and down, clad in an ill-fitting blue military
uniform and with a ridiculous tricorn hat is a dish-
evelled young man with long, flowing black hair
and green eyes. He mutters nonsensically to himself
and does not seem to have noticed you enter. He
certainly seems rather lacking in his wits. Will you
Attack him? Turn to 322
Enter and talk with him? Turn to 288
Leave and open the east door
opposite, if you haven't
already done so? Turn to 118
Leave and open the door at the
south end of the corridor? Turn to 252
' 'i a =
Ce eae
fate ta!
mM

--- PAGE BREAK ---

241-242
241
You open the door, and a brilliant searing flash of
light and heat injures you. Lose 4 STAMINA points
and you are also partially blinded. Advancing on
you is a four-armed skeletal figure with a scythe, its
green eye-sockets glowing eerily in the darkness
You have no time to run, and you must subtract 2
from your SKILL when fighting this monster be-
cause of your half-blinded state
In each Attack Round, you must roll one die in
addition to the usual two combat dice. If this die-roll
results in 1-3, the Minor Thassaloss will strike you
with a chilling green ray from its eye-sockets, caus-
ing 1 point of damage to your STAMINA. If the
die-roll is 4-6, you manage to dodge the ray. The
Minor Thassaloss can cause this freezing damage
even when it has the lower Attack Strength in an
Attack Round, making it a dangerous enemy!
MINOR THASSALOSS skitL8 STAMINA11
If you win, turn to 55
242
You draw your sword, but he laughs out loud at
you! He places one hand on the crystal ball, mutters
a word, and a dragon's head appears on top of it!
The spiny red head breathes a narrow red jet of
smoking, superheated flame at you. You scream in
pain and pass out immediately, and Karl Adenauer
prepares to supply a Ghoul he knows with a barbe-
cued meal
=
243-244
243
You abandon your attempt to get into the Crypt
You see a flare of light from under the brass doors to
the north; you could either investigate these doors
turn to 2) or run to the south door and open that, if
you haven't already done so (tur to 18
244
You use the Castellan's Keys to open the door, and
enter a reception room. Lavishly decorated with
comfortable armchairs, a chaise-longue and scat-
tered cushions, this is a very comfortable place
There are some decanters of wine, which could be
refreshing, and some sweet round sponge biscuits
topped with thin, dark chocolate, which look appe-
tizing; or you could just head straight for the door in
the west wall of this room. Will you
Try the red wine? Turn to 137
Try the white wine? Turn to 53
Try the biscuits? Turn to 4
Head for the west door? Turn to 45

--- PAGE BREAK ---

245-247
245
Your weapon is useless against the enveloping
choking mist. The tentacles wrap round you and
smother the life out of you. Before you could even
dea! with the first of the Count's coffins, you have
met your doom!
246
You get close enough to make out the figure of a
young woman; she is dressed in green and brown
leather and is armed with a longbow and witha long-
sword scabbarded close by her side. But the bear is
stopping you from getting at her, so you will either
have to fight it (turn to 295) or try to talk your way
out of trouble (turn to 344
247
You tell Lothar of your quest: to kill Reiner and
rescue Nastassia. Lothar seems a trustworthy man
'It is not only the Count you must beware; keep
away from Katarina. His sister is every bit as evil as
he is. If Reiner were slain, I think that Gunthar -
that's Reiner's brother, the healer, if you haven't
met him - and ] could deal with her. But you
shouldn't make a hard task impossible by tangling
with her as well!' He tells you that her rooms are
beyond the west door at the north end of the corri-
dor outside, and you make a note not to goin there!
Lothar also says that he has some items which will
improve greatly your chances of success. Turn to
116
248-250
> 248
'| The beautiful woman turns the full force of her
glittering green eyes on you. Roll one die and add 4
to the result. If the total is less than or equal to your
FAITH, turn to 8e. If the total is greater than your
FAITH, turn to 68
' You find a silver bracelet behind a cushion. This is
worth 3 Gold Pieces, so add it to your Treasure. You
leave the room and return to the corridor outside
Here, you can either open the door at the east end of
it (turn to 351) or follow it round to the south, past
that door (turn to 166
i) 250
You manage to slam the door in the faces of the
Salivating wolves; they scrabble at it hungrily and
begin to howl. You decide this may raise some
alarms, so it's time to get out of the open space of the
courtyard. You can head for the northerly doors
turn to 2) or the door to the south, if you haven't
opened that door earlier (turn to 18

--- PAGE BREAK ---

251-252
251
You kill the poor old man easily; he doesn't have a
weapon and can't put up a fight. It was a very evil
act to slay another human being like this, for the
Alchemist wasn't an evil man. Lose 2 points from
your FAITH and 2 points from your LUCK. You
search the room but find nothing which is recogniz-
ably usable, sa you Jeave through a door in the west
wall; turn to 373
252
You open the door and a dark, musty odour of stale
air greets you. You must use your lantern to see
unless you have a Magic Sword), and now you
realize that you are at the foot of the south-east
tower. Roll one die and add 3. If the total is less than
or equal to your FAITH, turn to 33¢. If it is greater
than your FAITH, turn to 316
Pe Poe Nes
Se ae
253-254
F ie A 'sl
eee
eed ee
a alll E OR # = ' =e
-
we
253
As you insert a key into the door, a small but very
sharp serrated blade flicks out from the door-frame
and gashes your hand. Lose 1 point from your
SKILL and 2 points from your STAMINA. You kick
open the door; turn to 382
254
The Sage explains that the Count comes and goes
Sometimes he is out and about in the countryside
sometimes he sleeps in his rooms to the south on the
first floor - but most of the time he dwells down in
the Crypt! Return to 75

--- PAGE BREAK ---

eS ae ail" a r oe
Bre == Fl = a
fs ae a ee <a Viti
i ny eh a ae = peal ih Se
CW Bebe [ad eee Ble si ke
By eet fet atari a ice ghee
AL a --- Sl eel
pd ae, pce ee "idles a
ie st ot ae 1
he sie UTA et ates / a
pers a Be Ra gt er
ian ee bp
a tll Cae en ore
fi ane bi: ot ct ee i i i i as: Wy s
feng Bok ee Sale
mW 1 rt a = ra Ts | pa ie
iA - AN : .- *
Ne Sa 22:0 000 --=S-sststi'" ™=™S
255-256
255
You enter a mausoleum containing a sarcophagus
and some wall-shelves and tables, covered with a
bizarre array of items. You notice surgical equip-
ment, blades, bottled specimens and freaks of na-
ture, jars of fluids, and a number of severed limbs
and heads which appear to be in a perfectly pre-
served condition. This is rather disturbing, so will
you
Search this chamber? Turn to 313
Leave and open the east door? Turn to 371
Leave and open the south door? Turn to 8
256
Along the eastern passageway there is a door to the
north, and the passageway turns south just beyond
it; there is another door facing you at the junction of
the east and south corridors. Will you
Open the north door? Turn to 305
Open the door facing you? Turn to 354
Follow the corridor round to
the south? Turn to 166
i
OO

--- PAGE BREAK ---

257-258
257
You take the steps down until you come to a door
which bears no plaque or sign, although you can see
that there are some scratch marks on the door, as if
something has been removed or some creature has
been trying to get in or perhaps has just defaced the
door. Will you
Open this door? Turn to 338
Retrace your steps and head east? Turn to 108
! Retrace your steps and go south? Turn to 161
258
You see that there is a plaque on the door, with the
inscription 'Doktor Karl Adenauer'. You knock
politely, and a wavering but sharp voice answers
'Come!' You step in, and see a grey-haired, middle-
aged man in robes sitting at a desk covered with
papers neatly stacked up in piles. The room is chock
full of books and papers, and the man peers at you
over a crystal ball mounted on a dragon's foot which
stands on his desk. 'Doktor Adenauer, young man,'
he says, rather needlessly. 'Sage in the employ of
Count Reiner Heydrich; wretched man, never gives
me enough money for my research. These impor-
tant books cost a fortune!" and he indicates a wall
full of bookcases with a sweep of his hand. He looks
grumpy, but he isn't hostile. At least, he doesn't
seem to be! Will you
Attack him? Turn to 242
Talk to him? Turn to 75
Leave and return to the corridor? Turn to 181
259-261
259
'You lack the means to destroy my undead brother,'
says Siegfried, a cold edge of reproach in his voice
'You have failed here. Flee for your life!' You need
'ho second invitation; Siegfried knows better than
anyone what your chances of success are
But when you reach the steps at the top of the Crypt
there is a smiling figure waiting, a creature whom
you cannot destroy, and your quest ends here as he
flies at you to feed his insatiable appetite for blood!
260
You strike out at the wolf, but your weapon does not
harm it! In return, it bites you; lose 2 STAMINA
points. This is no ordinary wolf -- your trusty sword
cannot harm it, so you run as fast as you can out
through the doorand towards the river. Turn to 309
261
No object you have is of any use in this situation; the
organ drones dismally on and you lose 2 STAMINA
points from rat-bites before you make a dash for the
north door. Turn to 335
ee eee. Sey

--- PAGE BREAK ---

262-263
262
You prise the lid off the sarcophagus. Inside is an
ordinary skeleton, but there is also an ornate brass
bottle, and the seal round its stopper looks intact
You can inspect the contents of this bottle by open-
ing it (if you do this, turn to 306). If you wish to
leave, you can enter the Chancellor's tomb opposite
if you haven't already done so (turn to 359) or head
east down the corridor, towards the T-junction
turn to 230
263
The evil magic-wielder smiles as she draws a razor-
sharp dagger, its blue crystalline blade set into a
silver handle. She is very nimble and swift and
dodges your blows; she will not be easy to over-
come
BAOBHAN SITH SKILL 9 STAMINA 9
If you win, you can search the place; turn to 324
264-265
Se
264
Roll one die and add 4. If the result is less than or
equal to your FAITH, turn to 343. If the result is
greater than your FAITH, turn to 381
265
You must fight the two Zombies one at a time; fight
the first Zombie and then, if you are still alive, the
second one
SKILL STAMINA
First ZOMBIE 6 5
Second ZOMBIE 7 a
If you win, you move up on the staircase: turn
to 311
Ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

EE; a fe
a 7 amt = re a
f i ine al 4 te
a bacier 7 Bi
ral my 'a fo eet aaa
7 it Paied y aroal e
eT 1 ae a a
aioe ei] r
Pee | dike f
fee . at | f Fa ee fl fi
a de TEE
eke Sie rege aie Shaper ge ie a Fi
ey os ee a iS 'i
Pe oe A ge ec Pr wae a oto a
fe ke te src ete ee P= Say
A ilies = ae See a Pe ae
a a ef cleat is
LE Sli, ei eS Hea Te iba i a r
-_- a oe Gea 4 Jat stir! Sel i ee 7 =
1a ag Wo peered ee
a? ee a ee | A ee ne
I Ge sicily ee a red ae
ee ae le ot ne Sail ae
i i. _ ila - a ee is iT mete
Sa a
peer = hs argc. ee, ee Ee aS
Fee 8 ei cy "ees. ee =
tee koa ee
ne ij "Fal es el he
= ae mie ru pe eh sere tesa. SR
266-267
266
= You feel a strange venom from the bite of the larger
wolf affecting you. With horror you look down: at
the fiery body and see that itis changing, in death
into a half-human shape! This was no wall, this was
a Werewolf, and you have been bitten by it! Recard
= Lyeanthropy in the Afflictions box on your Adven-
ture Sheet. You don't know exactly how long it-will
take for this to start affecting you seriously, bul you
had better make haste on your quest and seek help
ora remedy! Turn to 324
267
You open the door and peer into a large, dark room
you take a torch from the corridor to light a lamp in
here and then look around. On a block of black
marble, draped with black and crimson silk sheets
is a darkwood coffin. Your heart beats rapidly as
you advance upon it, but the menace is not within it
-itis around you! Thickening and swirling inthe air
ipa fosy, smoky must, which advances upon you
wilh semi-solid tentacles, trying to strangle you!
You cannot see to escape, so you must fight this
weird entity, Do you havea Magic Sword? Ifyou do
tum to ga. [you don't, tum te agg
Oy O'

--- PAGE BREAK ---

268-270
268
The Count''s first bite was a glancing one which left a
superficial flesh-wound, but this time his sharp
fangs penetrate deeply. The pain seems to sear right
through you down to your spine, and you scream
out as you crumple to the floor. Wrapping his cloak
about him, the Count settles to feed. You were so
very close to success, but your quest has failed!
269
! Looking at the sleeping girl, will you try
Waking her up? Turn to 304
Searching the room? Turn to 368
Leaving here and returning to
the north door in the
entrance hail? Turn to 101
270
You find nothing else of note, so you leave. Now you
can try the east door down the corridor (turn to 227
or the south door at the end of the same corridor
turn to 319
271-273
279
You unlock the Count's safe. Inside you find a pile
of credit notes, all bearing Reiner Heydrich's signa-
ture; but these have no value to you, worse luck!
Rummaging around among the papers, you lay
your hands on a large black iron key - the key to the
crypt where the evil vampire dwells! Add the Crypt
Key to your Possessions. Now roll one die and add 3
' to the number rolled. If the result is less than or
equal to your FAITH, tum to 98. If the result is
greater than your FAITH, turn to 46
272
The fiend lunges at your throat and you hurl your-
self sideways away from it; but the carriage door
bursts open and you are flung out. Lose 2 STAMINA
points caused by the bruising fall as you roll over
and over, the laughter of the ghostly figure in the
' distance ringing in your ears. Now you must Test
- your Luck. If you are Lucky, turn to 24. If you are
Unlucky, turn to 37e
273
JANDOR'S BOLT is a powerful spell which cre-
atesa glowing bolt of white energy that will deliver 6
points of damage to the STAMINA of any one un-
dead creature. You can use it at any time during
combat. Return to £02

--- PAGE BREAK ---

274-276
274
The Count has tried to cast his vampiric charm upon
you, but he has failed to control your mind and now
you can fight freely! Will you
Run at him and strike with your
sword? Turn to 26
Throw Holy Water at him, if you
have any? Turn to 216
Cast a spell, if you can? Turn to 158
Get an item out of your backpack? Turn to 17
275
The Zombies set off towards you, armed with
knives and cleavers! But they are slow-moving and
you will probably be able to get away if you want to
Will you try to avoid them by retreating and slam-
ming the door (turn to 347) or will you stand in the
doorway and fight (turn to 81)?
276
Katarina smiles beautifully at you and her feline
eyes glitter. You realize that she is trying to control
you, as she did before; since she has succeeded
once, it will be harder for you to resist her this time!
Roll one die and add 6 to the number rolled. If the
total is less than or equal to your FarrH, turn to 343
If the total is greater than your FAITH, turn to 381
277-279
277
Clambering along the treacherous trail, you turn
your ankle over on a protruding gnarled tree-root
deduct 1 STAMINA point. You get to the hilltop
without further mishap, so turn to 362
278
Unerringly, the Jelly strikes at your vulnerable neck
reopening the wound, and blood begins to drip
from it. You must lose 1 point of sramrina through
bleeding every Attack Round until this combat is
finished! Turn to 239
279
As you cross the room, one of the carved stone rats
comes to life and nips your heel! Lose 1 STAMINA
point; as you turn to strike, itis gone! You cross the
room and open the door; turn to 341
oo ae
i
P

--- PAGE BREAK ---

ae i | we | E 4
' 4 3 4 a ei are, ey a a a ef ei
ieee Ler ae ange
OD aa oes phe ee
i 2) ae Ia aT ee, i
ie Wee Se oa a i
ie pce . ie
a He ap pra a me
1 i far Coens © hea pt ta oy babe Seine. | aa
a an TE ' ta peated aed = Br oe =
2 a co pee #4
9 =e) i ae
Ale. SE nT eran E ola rey 'a
iyi ee Shae a
ple |, |e
ARs el | ice "ili ep gt a i, a ; oS
Hote Rea am] ge a hee?
ee i ae au iy ili et Bo, aes
val eet Ve hh e by il
i gone i Fi . Ty ae i " a
Dea ee othe 2 tS Ri Pier: it tor am
Bee Lee scrierage f i eee
ae eat: I cael i hat fs ie poe
i on | free Ee 'a
dS = = Theol hiise oe eke
- SS -
q 280
280
The clapper strikes the silver bell soundlessly and a
sudden shock runs through your body. You feel
light-headed and half swooning; a majestic figure
stands radiant in the air before you. Clad in shining
chainmail, bearing a shield of the purest white with
a great red cross and holding a magnificent long-
sword stands the shade of Siegfried Heydrich, for-
mer Count of the Castle in happier times. He stands
just under seven feet tall, and his flowing blond
locks frame his noble, smooth-complexioned and
flawless face
The apparition speaks. 'Cleanse this place of shame
and horror, brave warrior. My brother slew me by
treachery, and I call on you to restore our good
name and free the people from Reiner's thrall. In
this place he has hidden my armoutr, my shield, and
my great sword, Nightstar. I know not where they
are; but Ido know that a lesser magical blade, that of
my faithful vassal Mikhail, is hidden below this
tower; it is to be found in a secret chamber below a
hidden trapdoor at the base, Go now, my friend
and destroy the dread evil of this Castle!' Then the
ghost is gone. Turn to 337
!
-

--- PAGE BREAK ---

281-283
281
Katarina looks at you aghast. 'She is mine! I need
her blood and that of the other girls to stay young!'
For a split second, you almost see through the
illusion of her youth and gaze upon her true fea-
tures, wizened and corruptly aged; then she is
attacking you! You must fight, so turn to 71
282
The kitchen contains some good food -- bread, bis-
cuits, cheese, sweet dried fruits and so on. You can
gather plentiful supplies here (add 6 to your Provi-
sions). Now, are you searching for herbs for an
Alchemist? If you are, turn to the paragraph with
the same number as the jar he asked you to bring
him. If not, you leave here and return to the main
corridor. Now will you
Open the north door? Turn to 332
Open the west door? Turn to 221
Follow the eastern side-passage? Turn to 353
1 On O
283
You slam and lock the door as the armour-guard
rains blows down on it with its mailed gauntlets
Now you can try the door on the east side of the
balcony nearest you (turn to 302) or the one at the
extreme southern end of the balcony (turn to 244
---- ee . .0
284-286
284
Without a magical weapon you cannot hope to
defeat the Count; other things like spells and Holy
Water may cause some damage, but they cannot
overcome him. The Count wears you down with his
blows until finally he sinks his fangs into your hot
pulsing throat, ripping through skin and muscle
and sending blood spurting into the air. Your quest
has failed
285
i Roll two dice and add 2 to the total. If the result is
less than or equal to your SKILL, you can get away
tur to 383. If the total is higher than your SKILL
you will have to fight after all, so turn to 236
286
You strike one final blow at your enemy, but she has
disappeared! Before your eyes she vanishes, leaving
only the ghost of a laugh behind. Obviously she has
achieved some magical escape
You make only the briefest of searches here, aware
that she could return as surprisingly as she left. You
take gold ornaments and jewellery worth 7 Gold
Pieces (add this to your Treasure) and you aiso find
ina desk a magical potion of healing which you take
add this to your Possessions). This potion can be
drunk at any time, except during combats, and will
restore 4 lost STAMINA points. Now you leave and
return to the corridor, following it south; turn to 31

--- PAGE BREAK ---

287-292
287
As you open the crystal lid of the coffin, a tingling
electric shock passes through your arm and knocks
you down; lose 3 STAMINA points. Turn to 229
288
Roll one die. If the number rolled is 1, turn to £51. If
the number rolled is 6, turn to 322. If you roll any
other number, turn to 202
289
After a while, the rats retreat to their lair- wherever
that may be. You re-emerge on to the balcony and
head for the door at the south end of it. Turn to 244
290
Roll one die. [f you roll 1-4, the Wraith's blows have
drained 1 SKILL point from you; only if you roll 5 or
6 have you been lucky enough to avoid this. What's
more, your intuition tells you that there are prob-
ably worse undead creatures you haven't met yet!
Turn to 316
291
You tell Lothar about Katarina and her evil nature
and he seems totally unsurprised. Looking very
serious, he says he will tell you of the Heydrichs and
how you may be able to overcome them; turn to 196
292
Do you have a Magic Sword? If you do, turn to 388
If you don't, turn to 346
eee
293294
-L
Katarina's brilliant, dazzling green eyes gaze into
yours; she is trying the same trick that Reiner used!
Turn to 264
294
Opening the west door, you see a corridor stretch-
ing out towards the west before you. It is well lit
and a thick-piled crimson carpet runs along the
centre of the tiled floor. There is a door close by you
on the north wall, and another a little further along
you can also see that there is a door facing you at the
end of the corridor, and that the corridor also turns
south at that point. Will you
Close this door and open the south
one on the landing, if you
haven't done so before? Turn to 131
Open the north door closest to
you? Turn to 182
Open the second north door? Turn to 267
Open the west door facing you? Turn to 34
Follow the corridor round to the
south? Turn to 37
i ari : at = -- --
a -

--- PAGE BREAK ---

295-297
295
You now find yourself fighting a large and aggres-
sive brown bear. You have one Attack Round of
fighting this animal before its owner, a young
woman busily drawing her longsword, joins in the
fray. You will then have to fight them together. For
each Attack Round, roll two dice for all three of you
the combatant with the highest Attack Strength will
be the one who lands the effective, damaging blow
The bear protects his mistress, and you must kill the
animal before you can do any damage to her
SKILL STAMINA
BROWN BEAR 7 8
FOREST RANGER 10 9
If you win, turn to 393
296
Just before you get to the landing, you reach a closed
door on the north side of the passage. From behind
it you hear a brief noise, some kind of crunching
sound. Will you open the door here and investigate
turn to 241 if you do) or ignore it and make straight
for the landing (turn to 191)?
297
Hair sprouts on your face, hands and body, and you
feel canine teeth growing in your jawbone, causing
you great pain. Lose 3 STAMINA points. Now you
have the Major Lycanthropy Affliction; you need
help fast! Turn to 154
-_-_-_--.... a
298-301
298
The ancient undead creature has an elemental
malice and brooding hatred of living creatures
which will not be affected by your Fa1TH, and it will
fight to the last!
SPECTRE SKILL 10 STAMINA 14
i If you win, you will leave and make for the Crypt
but first you must roll one die. If you roll a 6, turn to
389. If you roll any other number, turn to 354
i 299
What will you use? If you have one of them, will you
try garlic (turn to 349) or the Count's amulet (turn to
398) to keep the wolves away; or will you try throw-
ing food to them (turn to 39)?
7 300
You find nothing of note, so you return to the
corridor. You can either open the door at the east
end of it (turn to 351) or follow it round to the south
turn to 166
301
You try saying something, even shaking the girl
I but she does not awaken. You could try the time-
1 honoured method of kissing her to make her wake
up (turn to 327), ignore her and get on with search-
ing the room (turn to 368), or leave the whole area
return to the entrance hall, and open the north
I door there (turn to 101

--- PAGE BREAK ---

302
= ee lee - =
302
You find the lock; the key slides smoothly in and the
door opens readily. The room beyond is well lit
there are carpets on the floor, pew-like benches and
on the eastern side opposite you, a great pipe-
organ, its sides obscured by heavy purple and black
wall-hangings. A set of massive silvered candle-
sticks - dozens of them - stands to one side of the
organ. You can also see a door in the north wall of
this music-room; as you enter to investigate this, a
dismal droning arises from the organ, although it
has no player! As you wonder what is happening, a
scurrying and scratching noise begins, and you see
that the balcony outside is swarming with black
rats, vile things with fierce, sharp, yellow teeth
which are said to carry the plague - and they're
heading towards you! Will you
Close this door and stay inside
the organ room? Turn to 391
Run for the north door in this
room? Turn to 335
Try to silence the organ somehow? =' Turn to 37
Leave this room and make arun
for the door at the south end
of the balcony? Turn to 171
TT SSSSSSS..QqQ.bc°cbwe
303-304
5h
The Sage looks very serious and says that you don't
want to go down there. The Count keeps prisoners
in the Crypt, and it is protected by traps and by a
particularly horrible enchanted monster made out
of bones, 'Anyway it's locked, and the Count has
the key in his rooms; the lock is magical, and only
that key will get you in. It's a great iron key, I've
seen the Count carrying it - but, as I say, you really
don't want to go down there. Oh no!' Return to 75
a = a
ae Oe
al he
ee = Ay cu =i a
= ie a =a my. salt at = lhe
elt
Do you also have a Crucifix or the Shield of Faith? If
you have at least one of these items, turn to 104. If
you have neither item, turn to 74

--- PAGE BREAK ---

305-306
395
You walk through into a lounge, with rich imported
carpets of intricate design, sumptuously comfort-
able armchairs, and tables bearing silverware and
lace. There are three gilt-framed paintings on the
east wall, and you decide to go over and look at
them. One shows a tall, handsome man with black
hair tapering to a peak over his forehead and deep
green eyes; the plaque below reads, 'Count Reiner
Heydrich'. The second shows a strikingly attractive
young woman with flowing curly black hair and the
same striking green eyes; she is wearing a black
flowing dress and emerald jewellery. The plaque
below this picture reads, 'Katarina Heydrich'. The
third painting has no plaque and has been defaced
although you can see that it once showed an excep-
tionally tall, smooth-faced blond man. Do you have
a Magic Sword? If you do, turn to 355. If you don't
turn to 49
306
Inside the bottle is a well-aged brandy which has
magnificent restorative powers. When it is drunk, 4
points of lost STAMINA can be regained. You may
drink it now or keep it for later (if you keep it, add it
to your Possessions; you can drink it at any time
except during combat). Boris may have been a
drunkard, but he knew a good pick-me-up when he
found one, and you should be happy to drink to his
memory! Now you may open the Chancellor's tomb
if you haven't done so already (turn to 359) or head
for the T-junction along the corridor (turn to 230
!
307
397
You open the door and enter a shrine of some kind
the room is unlit, and you need a light-source to see
by. There are white and yellow cloths on tables
wall-hangings decorating the room, small stools
and a writing-table. There is also a book lying on a
chair which attracts your attention, so you pick it
up. It is a history of the lives of some famous holy
men and healers, and it has a signature on the
flyleaf, that of Gunthar Heydrich. You can take this
book with you if you wish (if you do, add the Book
of Healers to your Possessions
There is a spy-hole on the east wall, and you stand
on a stool to look through it. Beyond, you can see a
bare chamber with a pair of Zombies standing
motionless on guard, holding fearsome halberds
Behind them is a half-open door leading into a bare
chamber with stone steps going up. There doesn't
seem to be any way of getting into the Zombie
Chamber from here, so you leave and head for the
door at the end of the eastern side-passage outside
turn to 258
a

--- PAGE BREAK ---

308-309
308
As the Jelly hits you, a blob of the viscous mess
splashes on to your body. As the slime drips over
you, your body begins to change shape and sprout
fine black fur. Your armour and backpack fall away
as your arms turn into leathery wings. Squeaking
you fly to the door and await the arrival of your new
master!
>
309
Roll one die, then add 1 to the number rolled. This is
the number of times the wolf bites you before you
manage to force the door open and make it as far as
the water's edge, and you lose 2 STAMINA points
for each bite. If these bites reduce your STAMINA to
zero or lower, you are dead and your adventure is
over
If you are still alive, you run into the river in panic
The wolf stops by the water's edge, howling in
frustration; as you look back, the wolf turns first into
a cloud of yellow-tinged gas and then into a giant
bat; then it flies away towards Castle Heydrich!
There is no sign of the Gnome. Now you can get in
the boat and cross the river (turn to 138) or continue
wading across the river (turn to 187
0 ------------------ SS -----
310-312
310
The Spectre rains blows upon your back which
wound and slow you; you fall to the unyielding
stone floor under the weight of the blows, and the
undead monster drains the last of your life-force
away. Your quest ends here
311
The stairs end at a landing, where you come to a
door of black wood embellished with runes inlaid in
silver. As you try to open it, the handle turns into a
claw and grasps your wrist. 'Leave this place,' the
door intones sonorously, 'you're not allowed in
here.' The claw releases your hand. A talking door!
You can try to get past it (turn to 342) or give up and
go back to the courtyard (turn to 389
312
Something nags at your mind about the size of the
room you are in. You guess that it is next to Gunth-
ar's, and you know where Lothar's rooms are, and-
there is a missing room in the area, if your hunch is
right. Checking the west wall very carefully, you
find your hunch js right; there is a secret door here
You open it, and use your lantern to peer into the
darkened room beyond. This bare room contains
only a pinewood coffin. You walk in and tip it over
breaking the wood with the hilt of your sword and
scattering the black earth within it over the floor
Record in the Notes box of your Adventure Sheet that
you have destroyed one of Reiner Heydrich's
coffins, and gain 1 FAITH point! Turn to 289
i
ZS EZ_ ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

8, ee fae yi A i {4 ri aa
ayMe Fe are ee ae ane ta
oe crite Ae ey ke
eee ale ra i Hie EN aris an
spe : 4 pe f Hs fe 4 af FT ii = a
Foci. | a aa ee in
ae | } ec
eke bi iio ale ee ik j
i RM eee Ge ea Pn cea re
ras el a ei ea Ty Tigh Sao | i '
ae ee ayes salle Rs | | ie hy |e *
yee oe fe abe: ase oe J
oh rc Fens ieee Coa yt
iit aoe 2a hte re ue et ee eae
ii eee ea i ee ae
Fan a Sh Soe cre a i "Sa i. ie ake
Phe So ee
BM
ea = = = ---- oo So =
313-344
313
You look around for anything that may be of value
but as you search the shelves you hear a strange
bubbling, gulping sound behind you. Spinning
around, you see a disgusting, greenish yellow
seething monstrosity, slithering from the sarcopha-
gus and blocking your way to the door. Most hor-
rible of all, in the depths of the foul, slimy mess you
can see what could just be the remains of a human
face! It slides along the floor towards you, stretching
out with limb-like pseudopods to reach you. You
must fight this horror!
NECROTIC JELLY SKILL 7 STAMINA 9
If the Necrotic Jelly wounds you, turn at once to 367
If you overcome the horror, turn to 184
314
Before moving on, you notice that the larger wolf
hasa glint of gold round its neck: a golden chain and
a small pendant. The latter has a design etched on it
it looks like the one you remember seeing briefly on
the coach. It must be the Heydrich coat of arms, or
something similar. You may take the Count's
Amulet with you if you wish {if you do, add this to
your Treasure); it is valuable, and is worth 3 Gold
Pieces. You continue your journey to the Castle
without further incident, so turn to 362

--- PAGE BREAK ---

315-317
315
As you unlock the door, a small, sharp blade whips
out from the doorframe and narrowly misses in-
flicting a very unpleasant wound on your hand
Gain 1 LUCK point for this good fortune. You push
the door open; turn to 382
316
You ascend the narrow, steeply sloping wooden
stairs until you come to a landing before a wooden
door which is barred and decorated with warding
glyphs of amber and silver. Something is scratching
on the other side of the door. There is a distinctly
unpleasant charnel smell here. You can summon
your courage and open the door (turn to 390) or
retreat downstairs, go back and open the north door
in the entrance hall (turn to 101
317
If you have the Book of Healers, you decide to show
this to Gunthar. If you have an Affliction, Gunthar
will help you with this m return for getting the book
back, so turn to 375. If you don't have an Affliction
Gunthar will still reward you for the return of this
book, so turn to 235. If you don't have this book, but
you have the Book of Swords, turn to the paragraph
with the same number as the magical page in that
book
™™-:-
318-320
318
The Alchemist says he-will prepare a potion fer you
which will be of help, bat he wants Gold Pieces for
the cost of the ingredients (eains, ar other Treasure
worth § Gold Pieces), lf you have & Gold Pieces (ar
their equivalent) and aeree to pay. Eure tee. [fyi
don't have § Gold Pieces, but you do have some
Treasure'and want the potion, turn to 36. IF you
have no Treasure, of you are unwilling tu pay, you
leave through the west door: tum Ce
319
The Lurse door here is jocked. Do you have the
Castellan's Reve? ivou de, tom to By. Wyo don't
yOu can't Open the door, so vou give up ond try the
east dior near-by: turn: to.2s7
320
Back in the corridor, will you
Open the north door along the
corridor? Turn to 267
Open the west door along the
corridor? Turn to 34
Follow the corridor round to
the south? Turn to 31
ue
!

--- PAGE BREAK ---

321-324
421
The spectral creature lunges at you, but his hands
stop short of your neck and he hisses in frustration
Your FAITH has protected you from his attack! He
wraps his cape about him and simply vanishes!
Increase your FAITH by 1 point
You continue your journey safely until the coach
stops at the foot of a hilland you descend; the coach
races off into the heavy mists and is soon out of
sight. Turn to 362
322
The young man grabs a scimitar from the wall and
fights; he is a better swordsman than you had
expected!
a WILHELM HEYDRICH sxkILL8 STAMINA7
If you win, did you choose to attack Wilhelm? If you
did, turn to 379. If he attacked you first, turn to 21
323
LUCKSPELL will restore 3 Jost Luck points
whenever you cast it, which you can do at any time
except during a combat. Return to 102
324
If you have the Lycanthropy Affliction, turn to 7. If
you have the Major Lycanthropy Affliction, turn to
386. If you have neither, turn to 51
SE -=Es
325-326
= ia ia =
325
As you stride across the room, one of the stone bats
flutters from the wall and gashes your face. Lose
2STAMINA points. You try to hit back, but the mag-
ical creature has disappeared! You get to the door
and open it; turn to 341
326
You put your shoulder to the heavy wooden gates
and they open with a creak which sets your nerves
on edge. You walk through a small entrance area
into a large courtyard. Facing you, you observe
great brass decorated doors across the courtyard
and past the entrance to what looks like a family
Crypt. There are also two doors to the west of you
and a door just round the corner which opens into a
southern part of the main building. Will you
Head for the brass doors to the
north? Turn to2
Open the door in the south? Turn to 18
Open the upper west door? Turn to 377
Open the lower west door? Turn to 54
Head for the Crypt? Turn to 90

--- PAGE BREAK ---

327-328
327
Roll one die and add 5. If the result is less than or
equal to your FAITH, turn to 62. If the result is
greater than your FAITH, turn to 16
328
Trembling, you open a vein and allow blood to run
into the chalice. As the scarlet liquid drips into the
bowl, red runes glow before your eyes and seem to
dance round its rim
You snap into alertness as a cold hand touches your
shoulder. 'You nearly fainted,' Siegfried says, "but
the magic is woven. Behold!' He points to a match-
less longsword, glowing with bluish white light
lying on the table before you. Although you lost
STAMINA when you gave your blood, on picking up
Nightstar energy pours into you and you recover
not only this lost STAMINA buta further4 STAMINA
points as well! Nightstar is a magical sword of
considerable power. When using it, you may add 1
point to your SKILL when fighting any creature
however, when fighting a Vampire you may add 2
to your SKILL. These KILL bonuses do allow you to
exceed your Initial SKILL and can even raise your
total SKILL above 12, if your Initial skILL was high
enough for this to be the case with the bonus. You
may also gain 1 FAITH point and 2 LucxK points for
finding this excellent prize. Turn to 82
329-331
329
Katarina's feline eyes spark with annoyance. 'You
puny little wretch,' she flares, 'I took you for a
warrior!' You can either attack her (turn to 71) or
change your tune and agree that you would like to
kill her brother after all (turn to 399
3390
Drifting into the chamber from a grille set inlo the
floor is a smoky, apparitional figure radiating a
hideous, chilly malice - a Wraith! Roll one die and
add 3. If the result is less than or equal to your
FAITH, turn to 44. If the result is greater than your
FAITH, turn to 124
33%
Katarina's eyes bore into your soul and her gaze
renders you helpless, unable to act. 'You are im-
petuous, but you are no bad fighter and | have a use
for you,' she whispers softly. You are charmed
powerless to resist her suggestions. 'There is a man
here I want slain. He was once my servant, but now
I distrust him, and it will be amusing for me to have
you do this work for me.' She smiles at you, and you
feel that you would do anything she asked of you
'Leave here, go south, and open the second door to
the east. Kill the man there.' You leave as comman-
ded and open the door she has specified; turn to
227
' ii : = ---

--- PAGE BREAK ---

332-334
332
This door has a small silvered lock. Do you have a
Silver Key? If you have, tum to the paragraph
whose number is the same as the number on the
key. If you haven't, you can't open this door. You
can either go back and open the west door in the
corridor, if you haven' talready done so (turn to 221
or go down the eastern side-passage (turn to 353
333
At the end of the eastern corridor, just before you
get to the landing, is the room where you fought the
monster; peering in, you see a chest. It is heavily
locked, and with the Castellan's Keys you can un-
lock it. But the wretched lid still won't open! Puz-
zled, you look at it more closely, and you notice a
smail silvered plaque with what could be an obscure
code of some kind etched on it. Turn to 123
334
The snake ts now coiled round your legs. You must
suffer 1 point of automatic damage every Attack
Round, irrespective of who has the higher Attack
Strength (deduct 1 point from your STAMINA each
Attack Round until this combat ends). You must
also suffer the extra penalty of having 2 SKILL points
deducted, due to this constriction, until you kill the
River Snake. Return to 236 to finish the battle
Dee
335-336
335
Roll one die; if you roll 1-2, you are bitten once; 3-4
and you are wounded twice; 5-6 means you sustain
three rat-bites. For each bite, you must deduct 1
STAMINA point before you get to the north door and
slam it shut behind you to keep the rats out, if you
are still alive! Turn to 361
336
This desk drawer is locked, although you will prob-
ably be able to find a key among the Castellan's Keys
which will open it. However, as you tug on the
drawer handle you hear a slight crunching sound
as if there might be some kind of trap on the drawer
Will you
Use a key to unlock this drawer? Turn to 239
Open the first drawer, if you
haven't already done so? Turn to 392
Open the coffer? Turn to 271
ea
ee

--- PAGE BREAK ---

337-338
337
You make your way down the stairs with renewed
vigour and faith; gain 1 FAITH point and 1 LUCK
point. At the base of the bell tower you find the
concealed trapdoor and retrieve the sword Siegfried
described. Add the Magic Sword to your Posses-
sions. This Magic Sword is not a powerful one. It
does not add anything to your SKILL when you use
it. However, creatures are lurking about which can
be hurt only by magical weapons, so the sword is
very valuable! Also, when you tell it to do so, it will
shine brightly in the dark, so you will not need to
use your lantern again. Now you return to the court-
yard, so turn to 380
i
Bs ye, 2
338
You open the door into a chamber that is lit by a
pearly globe of magical light, shining softly over a
quartz-crystal coffin which stands on a magnificent-
ly decorated catafalque. Inside the coffin you see a
man. Of extraordinary height, almost seven feet
tall, and with flowing blond hair, he is smooth of
face, fine of feature, and thickly muscled; the body
must surely be embalmed. On the catafalque is a
ee SS -t-teSC™S
'i
338-340
small ornamental shield with lettering which reads
simply, 'Siegfried Heydrich'
Although you can see no belongings of the blond
giant inside his tomb, there might well be some-
thing concealed within it. Will you
Try to open the coffin? Turn to 384
Wait a while to see if anything
happens? Turn to 229
Leave and take the steps backup? Turn to 224
339
You drive home what you know is a killing blow
With an inhuman shriek the Count's body crumples
and is slowly transformed into a cloud of gas. Check
the Notes box on your Adventure Sheet, Have you
destroyed at least two of Reiner Heydrich's coffins?
If you have, turn to 19. If you have destroyed only
one, or none at all, turn to 357
340
You can't fight the Shadow without a magical
weapon. You run for the brass doors to the north
the Shadow strikes you once in the back (lose 2
STAMINA points), but it doesn't follow. Turn to 2

--- PAGE BREAK ---

0 in pe A Saher! tie
i st op ie fees (ag a er NY ae
A ee eet | cae ae Mere Se a ae
ia Se ee el a ee ee
ie ag Te | : ae fet " ch vit = Pe Ja Peay 7
Yee ths a
RR Memes aie aoe at ar
F. rr a ! oe he : ji ie i
Fr Sell we dens Sat shy
et i a Fi 2 | i
oe ee | a =
341
341
You step into a palatial chamber, lit by glowing
oil-lanterns with red crystal lenses. Black, crimson
and silver wall-hangings obscure the walls, and you
can see no other exits. The room ts magnificently
furnished with teak and walnut, and silverware and
marble gleam in the soft light. Some twenty feet
away is a raised baicony at the top of marbled stairs
with gilded banisters, and there stands a dark-
haired man with blazing eyes, wrapped ina cloak of
the deepest biack and crimson. The Count! Behind
him you can see a chained girl, her long auburn
tresses tumbling over her bare shoulders, strug-
gling without hope to free herself. Her lovely fair
face turns to you and she cries out for help. But your
eyes are fixed on the terrible, dark, charismatic
Count; his green eyes are afire as he gazes at you
and parts his lips in anticipation. Roll one die and
add 6 to the number rolled. If the total is less than or
equal to your FAITH, turn to 274, If the total is
greater than your FAITH, turn to 167
athe yen

--- PAGE BREAK ---

342-343
342
You hammer on the door with the hilt of your
sword, to avoid damaging its blade. The door retali-
ates by jabbing you firmly in the midriff with the
metal doorknob! Eventually you break the door
down, but you have to take some damage in the
process. Roll one die; the number rolled is the
number of STAMINA points you lose before you
manage to smash the door down. Beyond, the stairs
continue upwards and you see the dim outline of a
bell tower. You can also heara high-pitched squeak-
ing and fluttering. You can either press on upwards
turn to 33) or go back down to the courtyard (turn to
380
343
You resist the hateful woman's attempt to control
you and strike out with your sword, inflicting 2
points of damage on her STAMINA. Turn to 106 to
continue the combat
a
ee
= 5
344
Et ge Ya ES oe
344
You cry out that you mean them no harm, but the
woman has already loosed off an arrow which
strikes you; lose 2 STAMINA points. Lowering her
bow, she gestures to the bear, which growls but
doesn't attack you. She walks over, apologizing
and explains that she is a Forest Ranger whose job it
is to protect the woods - and she did not expect
anyone going about alone at night to be up to any
good! She binds the flesh wound the arrow made
Valderesse the Ranger is a friendly and helpful
person; you tell her of your quest to rescue Nastas-
sia from the clutches of Count Heydrich. At this she
looks very serious. 'The Count is a very evil man
Fierce wolves and flocks of bats infest the land
around his castle, and the local folk say he steals
away young women to be his slaves - or worse, But
it wasn't always like that. His brother, Siegfried
who was Count before him - now he was a decent
and good man- but she breaks off at the sound of a
peal of thunder as heavy rain begins to splatter
down through the bare tree branches overhead
'Come on, let's get you to the ferry!' You set off with
her towards the river, and on the way she gives you
some food to help you on your journey; add 2 meals
to your Provisions. Turn to 13

--- PAGE BREAK ---

345-347
345
As you sit down to talk with Lothar, stabbing pains
rack your body and you are convulsed in breath-
taking spasms of agony. Lose 4 STAMINA points
Lothar snatches a flask from his desk and manages
to pour some golden liquid down your throat. Gasp-
ing and spluttering, you slowly recover your
senses. 'You agreed to help her, didn't you?' Lothar
says unhappily as you sit with your head between
your knees. You look up, shame-faced, nodding
agreement. 'Well, you may not have meant to go
along with it, butif you give your word freely to that
witch, you cannot break it without suffering the
consequences.' He is obviously wondering how
much he can trust you. You plead that you are here
to do away with evil, and he seems to take you at
your word; turn to 196
346
You advance upon the Count, hoping for a power-
ful initial sword-thrust, at the same time casting the
spell as you strike. However, you will do the extra
damage only if you have the higher Attack Strength
and land a blow in this Attack Round. Turn to 26
347
Roll two dice and add the scores. If the total is less
than or equal to your SKILL, turn to 396. If the total is
greater than your SKILL, turn to 190
348-350
348
You search the Zombies, but they have nothing of
value. You pass through the half-open door in the
east wall and enter another bare chamber. Here
there is a flight of stone steps leading up, and the
walls are lit with torches in sconces. You climb the
steps, and when you get to the top you are standing
under a shaft of moonlight from a tiny circular
window high on the north wall. li you have the
Lycanthropy Afflicion, tum to agy. If you have the
Major Lycanthropy Affliction, turn to 20g. If you
have neither, tur to154
349
Garlic won't keep wolves at bay! You get bitten for
your pains while waving the stuff at them;.deduct 2
points from your STAMINA. Now you have to fight
so turn to 103
350
You whisper Siegfried's name and the chest springs
open. Inside is a suit of magnificent, gleaming
silvered chainmail! Eagerly, you strip off your own
leather armour and don this superior protection; its
seeming weightlessness tells you itis magical! Gain
1 FAITH point and 1 LUCK point for this excellent
find. The chainmail increases your SKILL by 1
point, but only during combats. It can increase your
SKILL above its Initial level - and if your current
LUCK was 12, your SKILL is now a full 13 with this
superb magical armour! Delighted with your prize
you set off for the Crypt. Turn to 191

--- PAGE BREAK ---

5 IE c=
ie an
Pali ed j ih eee rae "eee
te oe rs Gye a oi ham tat
my AAA Ce Als"
i sel i aaa oe. i "| ia} L q
ree Wo Bake 'i a "ie i 7 ire 4 be
'ane = iF FG ie (ae | A i aN '
aa tees =e rit * oe ce
if a en Mn 4 £ (ltt i
if pe Fate ois wae Le 'la ae
Ha ee a ee Ce el
aan erat a i ends gi tes ene
it Stas Ce Lae | Dee, ayih Say
rin wy hi at aig folie Ai (aN
= # } aia a Petal he 1 (are I be i
eer ie 7 am Lg Na YO a
- ig Se ee 1 ae A Foe ay EE ri
Pe "anes ecm ie | a ae we
i ee Pa Ga omen ie
oe. (at
a om Co ----- Apa 14 oe rl pe] iF ="
7, ww aU ae" ten ae
as aD We seal! Pet Nace LA
= oA (=k Je
Sn ele Da a ga
a poets A iit =i
351-352
351
Opening the door, you hear sizzling and spitting
noises. Peering carefully round the half-open door
you see an extraordinary assembly of vessels, jars
containers and instruments of brass, iron and glass
standing on tables and shelves. Oil burners keep
vessels of cloudy bubbling liquids on the boil, and
there is a strange, metallic, acid smell. Watching
you closely is a small, green, winged humanoid
creature sitting on a shelf on the wall; it is playing
with a small bronze wand which sparkles and crack-
les. You could try attacking it- whatever it is (turn to
366) - or try talking to it (turn to 9
352
Gradually normal vision returns to you and, from
the light of the torches in the corridor, you can see
into the gloom. The Thassaloss was clearly guarding
an oaken chest which stands on top of a pinewood
table in this otherwise bare chamber. Unfortunate-
ly, the chest is securely locked and bound, and you
cannot openit. You feel frustrated and cheated, and
make a note to come back here if you find any keys
which might fit the chest! Turn to 320
f
i

--- PAGE BREAK ---

353-355
353
After progressing some ten feet, you come level
with a door on the north side of the passage, and
then the dimly lit, tiled corridor continues to a door
at the end. Will you open the north door (turn to
307) or the door further along (turn to 258)?
354
The undead malice of the Spectre has drained away
much of your life energy; deduct 1 point from your
SKILL. Now turn to 389
355
You recognize the defaced portrait as that of Sieg-
fried Heydrich, and you storm out of the room in
anger at this desecration. You can open the door at
the junction of the east and south corridors (turn to
351) or follow the corridor south (turn to 166
356-357
356
As you cross the room, one of the stone wolf-heads
snarls at you and seems about to rear from the wall
to strike at you, but you evade the magical guardian
and get to the opposite door safely. Turn to 341
pee ae ete a
b ch irre Pally a
ste" phy
357
The gas-cloud moves with inhuman speed up the
Stairs and out of the Crypt; it has gone out of your
sight very quickly, even though you rum as fast as
you can in pursuit. The Count has fled to re-form his
body by resting in a secret coffin you haven't dis-
covered, and you won't be able to find him now. If
you haven't done so already, you now unchain the
sobbing Nastassia and, wrapping some warm
clothing round her, you take her to the Castle gate
and then on the long walk back to Leverhelven. You
have rescued the girl, and the local people are
grateful. But the Count still conducts his reign of
terror, and yours is a hollow victory

--- PAGE BREAK ---

Py ONS IF eemesreatreeerrsticiomiy beers a ee
tim "a F 1 a Hy || ea wae al ee i icone a ila
rey | FL \ = t i" - a ee. me a 4 ee ij "*
i ee ee) i Fi
Ce A re ie | =i WT oe
er tl | Se a ee
bese i Ft, ing oF = - =
a a fe i. yo fi gp ial: a: is Mh
-a oo T: 1 ! oo ew "ae Ca A i
ee a eae ol a Ls
a ee -- i | Tee cP el mh
i a ieee ee ee
- = = Soe
ae ee a ae Fa
Se ole Ee ee CAC Ceres | ON its a
a ea pe ie
eS
358
358
You enter the hut and search around. In the
Gnome's bedroom you find a portrait of a dark and
cadaverous, but undoubtedly handsome man, his
black hair brushed back from a widow's peak over
his forehead and piercing emerald-green eyes
which almost seem to look at you. He has a mocking
smile on his face, and on his crimson-lined black
cloak is a coat of arms which is the same as the one
you noticed on the Count's coach. Below itis a brass
plaque which has etched on it, in crude lettering
'Master'. It was wise to do away with that evil little
Gnome!
Passing by the kitchen, you see the glint of gold on
the table and a generous supply of food you might
need on your adventure. There is also a very large
dog snoozing before a wood stove, Will you
Attack the dog? Turn to 40
Try to sneak quietly past the dog? Turn to 89
Leave and wade across the river? Turn to 187
Leave and get into the boat? Turn to 138

--- PAGE BREAK ---

359-360
359
You open the door, to gaze on a horrid scene: the
stone sarcophagus in this bare room has been
smashed open, and a half-rotting green thing which
may once have been human is crouched close by the
door, gnawing on a bone. Immediately it leaps
snarling, to attack you. An overwhelming stench of
rotting flesh nauseates and weakens you. Will you
fight this creature (turn to 122) or try to get out and
shut the door, locking the thing inside (turn to 88)?
360
The Raven is a dangerous and wily enemy. He
always strikes at your face and you shriek with
agony as he pecks out an eye! You lose 2 points from
your SKILL; record the Curse of the Raven in the
Afflictions box on your Adventure Sheet. Unless you
can get this Affliction cured, you will not be able to
restore these lost sKiLi points! Staggering out
clutching at your bleeding face, you head for the
door at the end of the south passage. Turn to 252
a _-
q EL - eee eee
361
tele o aei
al va I 4q
$61
You stand in a workroom of some kind. There are
unfamiliar tools on tables and work-benches
prisms and lenses mounted in iron rings, and small
caskets made of sandalwood and other exotic and
aromatic woods. Searching around, you deduce this
may have been a jeweller's workroom; certainly
you find 2 tiny silver-and-amethyst pin worth 2
Goll Pieces (add this to your Treasure} and some
bars of silver which, alas, are too heavy to carry. The
rats are sll scurrying around outside, so you have
time to make a really thorough search. You are in
fuck! Ina secret clrawer in a desk you find a: magical
Ring of Regeneration (add this ta your Possessions
which you can slip on your finger. The ring surges
with power whenever you land the killing blow ina
tattle, and you may regain 2 STAMINA points
However, this ring does at work during a combat
ory at the end of one which you have just won!
Have you met Gunthar Heydrich? If you have not
turn to 289. If you have, roll two dice and add 2 to
the total. If the result is less than or equal to your
SKILL, turn to 312. If the result is greater than your
SKILL, turn to 289
===

--- PAGE BREAK ---

362-363
362
You walk along as far as the base of a narrow trail
which leads up a steep incline, and suddenly you
walk out of the fog into a completely clear area
Starkly illuminated by the three-quarter moon
stands the brooding Castle Heydrich! You can walk
up and enter the half-open front gates (turn to 326
or walk round the outside to see what you can make
of the place (turn to 5e
363
You sit down warily beside Katarina. She offers you
some fine wine, and notes your hesitation
laughing, she drinks some herself lo show thatitis
nut polsonec|. Nevertheless, you are careful tu sip
only a litte oftt! Then she asks you a rather startling
question: "Arevyou here to kill Reiner?
What will you say to her? Will you
Agree that you are here to kill
Reiner Heydrich, her brother? Turn to 399
Deny that you intend to kill the
Count? Turn to 329
Say you are here to rescue
Nastassia, the village girl? Turn to 281
il = =" 'led ' = =i sie
364
be ae
364
You look into a very snug room that is evidently
used by diners who have had too much to eat and
drink. Among the armchairs, footstools and
cushions you spy two objects of note. First, thereisa
decanter of what smells like brandy. Although there
are only two large measures left in the decanter
each one will restore 4 lost STAMINA points. You
can drink one or both now, or save the brandy for
later. (If you do this, add it to your Possessions
subtracting a measure when you consume one. If
you keep the brandy, you can drink it at any time
except during a combat.) There is also a small drape
across one corner of the room, and when you draw
this back you find a smail silver mirror on a table. If
you wish to take this, add the Silver Mirror to your
Possessions
You leave and go back to the corridor. From the east
door opposite, you hear aloud slamming sound and
a shout. Perhaps something has been discovered, or
someone has been alerted! You must now decide
either to open the northern door (turn to 332) or to
head down the eastern side-passage (turn to 353
"i

--- PAGE BREAK ---

365-366
365
The monster strikes you as many times as the num-
ber you rolled on the die, and for each hit you lose 2
STAMINA points. If you survive this onslaught, you
run out to the balcony with the Crypt Key and back
to the northern part of the Castle. Fortunately, the
Spectre won't enter this well-lit area to the north -
but less fortunately, even though you're still alive
you have lost 1 point from your $kILL through the
life-draining power of the undead horror. You run
down the corridor towards the landing; turn to 389
366
The little winged creature strikes at you with its
miniature magical wand. Whenever it hits you, it
causes 3 points of damage, rather than the usual 2!
HOMUNCULUS SKILL 8 STAMINA 5
If you win, turn to 57
g§
367-370
367
If you have the Curse of the Bat, turn to 308. If you
don't have that Affliction, but you have the Curse of
the Healer, turn to 278. If you have neither, turn to
239
368
You start to look around for secret alcoves, trap-
doors and the like - and you turn your back on the
girl. She rises from her resting place and you are
about to get a very nasty surprise. Turn to 62
Ge ic
369
Lothar the Castellan looks up in horror as you
advance to fight him. He grabs his broadsword and
will give his best!
LOTHAR SKILL g STAMINA 10
If you win, turn to 234
270
You roll over the edge of a precipice, and your body
is smashed to pieces on the rocks in the chasm
below. You have failed most miserably in your
quesi!
SS

--- PAGE BREAK ---

371-372
371
You open the great black door to the east and step
into a dank corridor in which there is an almost
palpable sense of evil. Your light-source shows
gleams reflecting ahead, and you see the yellowed
bones of the guardian which is moving swiftly
towards you. The huge, four-armed skeletal crea-
ture - a Major Thassaloss - carries a massive black
scythe; great, green, glowing eye-sockets glower
above the mindlessly grinning, slack jawbone of the
skull. You may either fight the thing (turn to 22) or
if you can, cast a spell at it (turn to 93
372
You can strike the Vampire with your magical
weapon and wound him. He uses no weapon but
deploys his inhuman strength to smash and
bludgeon you with his powerful fists, and claw at
your face and arms. With a SKILL higher than the
limitations of a mere mortal, Count Reiner Heydrich
is a very powerful enemy indeed!
COUNT REINER
HEYDRICH SKILL 13 STAMINA 21
If the Count's STAMINA is reduced to 4 points or
below in this fight, turn at once to 28. Keep a record
of not only the Count's current STAMINA score, but
his SKILL score too, since you may come across him
again later!
a
373-374
F. Die: re Me . i
373
Back in the corridor, you can open a door on the
west side, opposite the Alchemist's room, if you
haven't done so before (turn to 240) or go to the far
southern end of the passage and open the door
there (turn to 252
374
Siegfried seems displeased, and he telis you that
you must obiain the sword. If you agree, turn to 328
but you must ignore any references to your
STAMINA, FAITH or LUCK made in that paragraph
If you still refuse, turn to 259
Et Sd ee
fae
zz

--- PAGE BREAK ---

375
375
You give the Book of Healers to Gunthar, who is
delighted to have it back. Reiner stole it some
months ago, and Gunthar has not been able to find
it without the Count's spies - his rats and bats -
following him. 'This will help me in my work,' says
the grateful man, 'and I will help you even if Katar-
ina does try to punish me for it!' He casts a healing
spell, and this will cure any one Affliction you have
if you have more than one Affliction you may
choose which one this spell cures; erase this Afflic-
tion from the Afflictions box on your Adventure
Sheet). Now, you can either leave and open the west
door on the landing (turn to 294) or you can show
Gunthar any other book you have found in the
Castle by turning to the paragraph with the same
number as the magical page in that book
-_--S------ SS OS -S=--__==____=_=_=_=_=__=___. CU
376-377
376
'Katarina looks at the book you are carrying
'Perhaps! cen help afterall," she says as ahe takes it
from you and opens it She gives a sharp intake of
'breath when she reaches the magical page. 'This is
Sitgiied'ssword, vou know,' she whispers, "Roin-
erimprisoned it here, Heis-very afraid of it, fortis
one of the very few things that can actually kill him
I could release it and give it to you, but you must do
me a favour in return.' You nod your head; at least
vou can hear her out. The Castellan, Lothar, is
picitting against ine. Twant vou to lll him for me
Then | willdispel the magic muardineitand give you
the sword." Will yi agree to-ge-and kill Lothar dor
her (turn to298) ar will you refhiiseto do this (tum te
377
You open the doors into a stabling room. It looks
bare, but there is an odd smell in here - that of
wolves - and you can hear growling through the
thin wall to the south, so you decide not to go in that
direction! Now will you
Enter and search this room
carefully? Turn to 5
Head for the Crypt? Turn to 90
Head for the brass, northern
doors in the courtyard? Turn to 2
Open the southern door in the
courtyard? Turn to 18

--- PAGE BREAK ---

378
378
You enter a library lit by a golden globe of soft
magica] light, hanging in the air. There are hun-
dreds of books on the bookshelves, but one particu-
lar shelf is full of works concerned with the history
of Mortvania and the Heydtich family, and you look
quickly through some of them. You read of the time
when Siegfried was Count and the land flourished
until Siegfried disappeared mysteriously and Rein-
er became Count. Since that time, misery and fear
have been the people's lot. It seems that many
Heydrichs have been cruel and despotic tyrants; of
Reiner's great-great-grandfather Eckhart you read a
small text which states that 'the folke saye he is
Vampyre'. On the frontispiece is written in elegant
sloping writing, 'and now I have attained that
blessed state'. Since Reiner Heydrich's signature is
on the flyleaf, you know what this means!
Just as you feel that you have spent too much time
here, you come across a small, untitled book with
many illustrations of weapons. One page, page 188
has a slight magical glow which draws you toit. This
leaf of the book is a beautiful illuminated etching ofa
sword, covered in runes and held to the sky by a
powerful, muscular bronzed arm. You take this
book; add the Book of Swords to your Possessions
and make a note of the number of the magical page
Now you leave, and you search in the eastern
side-passage for the stairs which will lead you to the
floor above. Turn to 47
379-381
379
Poor Wilhelm was a feckless idiot who wished you
no harm. For such a cruel and evil act, lose 2 points
from your FAITH and 2 points from your LUCK, Tum
to 21
380
Back in the main courtyard, you can investigate the
Crypt, if you haven't already done so (turn to 90) or
head for the main north doors (turn to 2
381
Ratarina's sweet smile utterly captivates you. "You
have done splendidly,' she purrs. 'Now ] am the
Countess here.' You will be her willing servant
always - or at least until a luckier or more valiant
warrior kills you, freeing you from your bondage!
i: oe eo

--- PAGE BREAK ---

i a eee
Ni Jee une \ F cihad i 4 i 'ie a
all Fie eS oe | a Bh "h 'a pa 4
YI [cma iF se Cara Te) | 1 ay, | ji
aah eg aa ee | aie
SSH ae | 7 a my
pee ae Grote aie Ml! F EE, cea
Baiting! Aimed | a eu oN
are "ami ya Gd MUTE eee Sle
eB. ee
i, Sar, oe Serra T ee a
fn a 1 RE wl PENT LIT ee fi 1
aa lees a) Sa Bele at i
Se Sa Pa isn, ete
a ee ae beige E ts A aie
if ee AF pees aes | a soa FF ine SRE ATLL T Ba
SVR eal oe eee a eee a t
Baill rose, EA oe fl = F
4 Pau Pe A af 1 we 2 fj =
ea i at fj Fl, HEE gE a
SS ee ne er pea ea
-------
382
382
You enter the Count's bedroom, a nightmare of
garish horror. A large mahogany coffin with silver
hinges and handles stands in the centre on a high
wooden table, surrounded by black and crimson
coverings. On the walls, tapestries and paintings
show the Count's ancestors, all with the black hair
and widow's peak which betrays their vampiric
nature. Some are shown gloatingly draining their
victims of blood, and one even stands next to a Fire
Demon! They seem to glower with menace at you as
you look in. Walking round the room, you also find
a locked safe underneath a second table, and a
writing-desk with two drawers and a pile of neatly
stacked vellum and quills on top. Fearfully, you
move to the coffin, and throw it over. The wood
splinters, the top falls off, and rich black earth
cascades over the floor. You smash the coffin lid
with the hilt of your sword. Record in the Notes box
on your Adventure Sheet that you have destroyed one
of Reiner Heydrich's coffins, and gain 1 FAITH
point! Now, will you
Open the safe? Turn to 271
Open the first desk drawer? Turn to 392
Open the second desk drawer? Turn to 336

--- PAGE BREAK ---

383-384
tO yn
383
You set off along the trail on the far bank of the river
and walk on through the slight mist. There is no
birdsong and little sign of life; this silence is almost
unnerving. After some hours you come upon a
small stone cottage nestling in a clearing; a thin
stream of blue woodsmoke drifts lazily upwards
from the chimney. Looking cautiously through the
half-open door, you see a man inside, sitting dozing
before a stove. He is dressed in brown and grey
jeathers, and there is a long curved knife in his
hands. You see little else from where you are
although you can smell something good cooking in
there!
If you did not sleep at the Gnome's hut, you are
getting very tired now, and you must sleep here
You could attack the man, hoping to achieve sur-
prise (turn to 27), or go in and talk with him (turn to
126). If you did sleep at the Gnome's hut, you have
the extra option of ignoring the man and just con-
tinuing on your way (turn to 228
384
Roll one die and add 5 to the number rolled. If the
total is less than or equal to your FAITH, turn to 229
If itis greater than your FAITH, turn to 287
385-387
385
You make a lucky find: a tiny silver elven amulet on
a chain of prayer-beads. Gain 1 LucK point for
finding this lucky charm. Now you leave, and you
can try the east door along the corvidor to the south
turn to 227) or the south door at the end of the same
corridor (turn to 319
386
You look around, and suddenly a shaft of moonlight
falls through a window in the tower and strikes you
You change shape, swiftly but painfully, and howl
at the moon through your muzzle! Now you are a
werewolf servant of the Count, and your adventure
ends here!
387
A cloud of billowing poisonous green vapours floats
up from a small crushed vial iriside the drawer. You
jerk your head back quickly, but you still inhale
some of it, and soon you are convulsing uncontrol-
lably. Just as you see the Count walk into his bed-
room, smiling evilly at you, you pass out. Your
quest ends here!
Bi eo
j i 4 ri Mi a
-

--- PAGE BREAK ---

388-391
388
The Shadow is not easy to hit, but with your Magic
Sword you can at least damage it
SHADOW SKILL 8 STAMINA 6
If you win, you can either investigate the door to the
south, if you haven't done so before (turn to 18) or
check the brass doors to the north (turn to 2
You follow the corridor north and then east, to-
wards the stairs leading down. Have you fought a
Minor Thassaloss in the Castle? If you have, turn to
i 333. If you haven't, turn to 296
390
You open the door and gaze into a low-ceilinged
room with some narrow stone steps visible on the
other side. Bones and horrifying, bloodied jumps of
flesh and gristle lie around the room, and the occu-
pant-a huge Ghoul-- intends that you should be his
next feast! Roll one die and add 4. If the total is lower
than or equal to your FAITH, turn to 30. If the total is
greater than your FAITH, turn to 70
391
Unfortunately, rats are beginning to swarm in
through holes behind one of the wall-hangings and
they attack you. Lose 1 STAMINA point from a nip
from a particularly vicious specimen. You have to
make a run for the north door here, so turn to 335
aa --
392-394
392
The first desk drawer is unlocked and you find a
small leather bag with 4 Gold Pieces in it (add these
to your Treasure). Now you can either try opening
the second drawer (turn to 336) or opening the safe
turn to 271
393 '
You have just killed a guardian of the forest who
was justifiably suspicious of travellers by night -
lose 1 FAITH point and 1 LUCK point! Searching the
body, you find sufficient food for 4 meals (add 4 to
your Provisions) and 3 Gold Pieces (add these to
your Treasure
As you continue your journey, rain begins to fall
and you become damp and cold; lose 2 STAMINA
points. But you finally reach the river, and soon you
find the hut of the ferryman, with a small boat
moored beside it. Turn to 13
394
'I can't do anything about them,' the Sage sighs
'but you could try Gunthar. He claims to be a healer
so he might be able to help. Up the stairs and
through the door with the silver handle.' Return to
75
i =

--- PAGE BREAK ---

395-397
395
The spell is useless against Katarina. She can charm
people, but she doesn't actually drink blood: she
isn't a Vampire! Katarina strikes out at you as you
finish spellcasting; lose 2 STAMINA points. Return
to 106 to finish the combat; if you are using the
magical sword Nightstar, you can claim a bonus of
only 1 to your SKILL for using it
396
You slam the door and decide to get away quickly
You could open the door opposite you in the west
wall (turn to 221), go to the north door at the end of
the passage (turn to 332) or go down the eastern
side-passage (turn to 353
Boy
Have you met Katarina Heydrich yet? If you have
and you agreed to kill Lothar for her, turn to 345. If
you have, and you refused to do this (or attacked
her), turn to 291, If you haven't met her, turn to 247
fAy o * uy ' li gh
398-399
BN ae
eee pad
ae oa
398
At the sight of the amulet, the wolves cower back
and keep away from you, whimpering. You can see
there is nothing of interest in their pen, and you
guess that this also applies to whatever is behind the
other western doors off the courtyard. So will you
Open the brass northerly doors? Turn to 2
Approach the Crypt? Turn to 90
Open the south door? Turn to 18
399
'Excellent,' purrs the saturnine lady. 'When he is
dead, I shall rule here as Countess!' Do you have the
Book of Swords? If you do, and you wish to show
this to Katarina, turn to the paragraph which is twice
the number of the magic page in that book (so, if the
magical page is page 70, turn to paragraph 140). If
you don't have this book or if you have it and you
don't want to let her know about it, turn to 119

--- PAGE BREAK ---

I ghctetaceetychi ct cael de ee akeskes baseload
aoe 2 ii VIO Vs aa
MB eee ety ee [i nig
feekiies Sane Vi (Ee) | eacee ea eae) ll ak ps
aie] erat te Ge AE = de AEN ie
Bg So eo aah SS et
eG a a rel ie! ears ee "ea ee
Ht i: ee eet aes She jae enn
iit rei i 1 tp ree st ene eT =n shai il
ee, a | 9 eae a
ih: Me gl i fs Pi Lae ae 1 ike ea a
ee i Ps il aa Pe eaieeres - Hope nates es
yb ba 'Sa = ee tL a i pe eee! Rue
ea el ee a ay aly oe ig ESS
i) Sa 'deere Ea igrgt re fa TE | Sy
eh ee ae ee RE he
ea ee i Pe heey Be
pea oe iy | gedaan st
400
400
The lifeless body of the would-be ruler of Castle
Heydrich falls to the floor. There is no hideous
shriek, like the soul-rending cry of the Count dis-
patched to hell, but simply the choking sigh of an
evil woman meeting her just end. As she falls, her
appearance changes. The illusion of her youth dis-
appears, and a wizened old crone lies at your feet
Nastassia gasps in horror and looks away, burying
her face in your chest. You put an arm round her
and lead her slowly up the stairs, away from this evil
place. Turning as you leave the Crypt, you see the
shade of Siegfried standing behind you, waving a
last farewell. At lasi I can rest in peace, you sense him
feeling, and you wave back as he makes a last
gesture of blessing upon a warrior as brave as, but
more successful than, he was. Castle Heydrich has
been cleansed of its timeless, elemental evil by your
hand. You sheathe your sword and lead the girl
back home, to the hero's welcome that rightly
awaits your return
oe
HL yet et eb, M
ik, ee eo
